hello mr. wilkins, what brings you in today
can you tell me a little about your issue
what brings you in today
where is the pain
when did it start
is there anything that makes the pain worse
are you a mechanic
is there anything that makes it better
are you taking any other medications
hello mr. wilkins, my name is dr. savinoff. do you prefer mr. wilkins
why did you come into the office today
that sounds rough. we will definitely try and find out what is wrong with your back. doyou have any other topics for discussion
do you wish to discuss anything other than your back pain today
tell me about your back pain.
can you describe it in more detail
does it radiate
how painful is it
does anything make it worse
does anything make it better
hello mr. wilkins, how are you doing today
i apologize for the mispronunciation, hello mr. wilkins!
my name is megan danzo and i am a medical student here at osu
i am going to be running through some questions with you today and then i will go bring my attending back in to help make a plan to address you r needs today
so can you tell me what brings you in today
oh that must be really hard! i know back pain is not fun
ok, so we will address your back pain then today in our time allotted. is there anything else you wanted to address
ok great, so we will just focus on the back pain then and getting you better
ok, so are you comfortable right now? is it ok if i ask you a few questions
so can you tell me a little bit more about this back pain
ok and when did you first start noticing the aching
ok, can you tell me when did your back pain start
and have you been feeling the pain every day since then
ok, and does it hurt you all the time
ya itotally understand how frustrating this must be. your healthcare team will do the best we can to get you feeling better!
on a scale of 1 to 10, how bad would you describe your back pain
wow, that must be tough. i am sure that is stressing you out which doesn't help your back pain either
does anythign make your back pain worse/
does anything make your back pain worse
i'm sorry to hear that. does anything make your back pain feel better
what else have you tried to make it feel better
have you only noticed back painor do you have pain anywhere else
ok, so let me just summarize what i understand and you can correct me if i am rong. you have a dull ache in your middle lower back that sstarted 4 or 5 days ago. nothign really has been helping the pain, except maybe iburpfen moving makes the pain worse. it hurts really bad and you can't work with the pain. you have no other symptoms you have noticed
ok, is there anything else you think i should know to help with the diagnosis
ok, and were you doing anythign in particular when the pain started that could have caused the pain
and since then you have had the constant back pain
what are you most concerned about when it comes to your back pain
ok, and that concerns you because you can't work
alright, so i think i have all the information i need abotu your back pain, can we talk a little bit about your past medical history
ok, did the back pain just go away on its own 4-5 years ago or did you do something to make it better
have you ever had any surgeries
how about hospitalizations
are you up to date on your immunizations
are you currently on any medications
ok, but no prescriptions
no prescription drugs
do you take any prescription medications
do you regularly see your primary care doctor
ok, that's ok. did she tell you that you were generally in good health when you saw her
i am sorry to hear that
do you have any ongoing medical problems
ok, how about your parents? are they healthy
ok great! how about your parents, are your parents healthy
have they ever had any back pain
have your parents ever had any back pain
can you tell me a little bit about your home life? where do you live
do you live alone
ya that does sound nice!
what do you do
are you currently working
so what is your employment
do you do anything for fun
are you busy with work
what else do you do outside of work
do you do any other activities outside of work
ok, do you do any other physical activities
do you workout
do you drink
do you do any drugs
do you smoke
are you generally happy with your life now? your job? house
outside of this back pain, how do you feel you are doing
are you generally happy
great!
have you ever had any concerning thoughts that you want to talk about
are you sexually active
at your apartment do you feel safe
ok, and in your relationships, you feel safe as well
great!
much for taking your time, i will go talk to my physician and come back in in a little bit!
well i'm going to do that anyway. can you confirm for me your full name and date of birth
excellent! wonderful weather we're having wouldn't you say
you're a mechanic? where
where do you work as a mechanic
what kinds of cars do you work on
that's cool! do you work on cars in your free time too
what do you do for fun
you stay busy
how much do you work
great! what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that, can you tell me more
how long ago was this
can you describe the pain to me
how severe is the pain
i'm sorry. is the pain constant or intermittent
i understand how this can interefere with your work.
is there anything at all that improves the pain or makes it worse
does anything make the pain worse or better
hello mr. wilkins, my name is rachel, i'll be taking some of your information today. are you comfortable talking here
are you comfortable
what brings you in today
okay, tell me more about the back pain.
how long ago was that
how long ago did you hurt your back
where exactly does it hurt
would you describe it as aching, stabbing, how exactly does it feel
ok. does the pain spread anywhere else, or just in the back
ok. if you had to rate it on a scal from 1 to 10, 10 being the worst, what would you give it
have you had any back problems before
is the pain constant, or does it come and go
how is it affectin your life? i know you said you can't tie your shoes
does anything make it worse
does anything help, or make it better
how often are you taking that
what dose of ibuprofen do you take
ok. is there anyting else you want to tell me about the back pain
absolutely. what do you do for work
ibet the back pain has really been affecting that
now i'm going to ask you about your past medical history.
ok. have you had any major illnesses? cancer, diabetes, any bloop pressure or heart problems
ok. any hospitalizations or surgeries
ok. are you taking any medications
ok. any vitamins or supplements
yes, it is, thank you.
have you had any major injuries
ok. any allergies
ok, good. and i would like to know a little about your family medical history.
do you have any history of illnesses in your family
are your parents still with you
do your parents have any illnesses
ok. how about brothers or sisters
ok. any children
ok. and then back to you, do you use any tobacco products
haha, good. do you drink alcohol
ok. any drug use
ok.  and i know you're an auto mechanic, do you have a lot of stress at work
good. any problems with your mood, feeling sad a lot
who lives with you at home
i know the feeling. are you romantically involved with anyone
are you sexually active
ok, now i know your main concern is the back pain, but are you having any other symptoms, headaches, trouble sleeping
any other pain
ok. well i think i have all the information i need. is there anything else you need to tell me
i hope so too. any questions before i go
absolutely. i am going to go talk with the doctor, and we will figure out what our next steps are okay
me. too. i will be back shortly.
hello, how are you doing today
your back is hurting? i am sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it
when did this happen
how would you consider your pain level to be now
have you tried anything to make it feel better
have you ever had any other problems with back pain
have you had back pain before
is there anything else you are concerned about today
tell me more about your occasional need to urinate more frequently.
i am going to ask a few questions about your past medical history now. do you have any allergies
have you had any past surgeries
have you ever been hospitalized for any reason
is there anything in your family's medical history i should be aware of
can you tell me about your family's medical history
has your father had any illnesses
is there a history of heart problems in your family
is there anything else about your family i should know
hello mr. wilkins, what brings you into the office today
what brings you into the office today
how long have you noticed the backpain
when did it start
how bad is the pain
does anything help with the pain
does anything make it worse
how has this impacted your life
what do you do for work
has the back pain impacted your ability to work
do you have any other medical problems
what about your parents? were they healthy
have you ever had any previous hospitilzations
what medications are you currently taking
do you have any allergies
do you consume alcohol
do you use any drugs
are you married
do you have any children
hello mr. wilkins, how are you today
what brings you into the office today
do you have any other concerns besides the back pain
when did you notice the pain started
how would you rate the pain
where is the pain located
does anything make it worse
does anything make it better
do you notice any associated symptoms
how has this affected your life
what do you do for work
how long have you worked there
are you married
do you have any kids
is your dad still alive
do you take any medications
do you consume alcohol
do you smoke
do you use any other illicit drugs
do you have any allergies
have you ever been hospitalized
have you ever had surgery
are you sexually active
how many sexual partners have you had in the past year
do you use protection
do you have sex with men, women, or both
do your parents have any health problems
hi mr. wilkins, how are you doing today.
i am sorry to hear that. tell me more about this back pain
when did this happen
how has it been affecting your daily life
so tell me more about the pain, how has it changed since onset
where does it hurt in your back
anywhere else
does it hurt anywhere else
how bad is the pain
how would you describe the pain
does anything make it better or worse
do you have any other symptoms
is that new
have you ever had this before
any other symptoms besides these
okay so let's talk about your past medical history. have you ever had back pain before
besdies the history of back pain, do you have any chronic illnesses
no hospitalizations
no surgeries
so how about you family history. any of your parents have chronic illnessses
well, its good you are trying to help!
how about your grandparents
do you have any children
okay so tell me a little more about your life, do you live alone at home
do you have a partner or significant other
do you smoke
use any other drugs
do you drink alcohol
what do you do for a living
what do you do with your spare time
okay well i have all the information i need. i am going to speak to the physician and we will come back in and speak some more.
hello mr. wilkins, my name is terese and i am the medical student who will be interviewing you today.
what brings you in today
can you describe for me how the pain started
hello mr. wilkins, my name is terese and i'm the medical student who'll be working with you today.
what would you like to talk about today
can you tell me more about your back pain
how long ago were you helping your friend move
hello mr. wilkins, my name is terese and i am the medical student working with you today. what would you like to talk about today
i'm sorry to hear that. when did your back pain start
and can you tell me what you were doing when it started
ok, so you felt a sharp pain in your back 4-5 days ago when helping your friend move. can ou tell me where in your pback you feel the pain
and does it move anywhere? to your legs or upper back
ok, and have you tried anything to make it feel better
so ibuprofen helps but resting doesn't do much. is there anything that makes it worse
can you tell me what makes the pain worse
do you have to do a lot of bending in your job
ok, and have you had the chance to rest your back while at work
alright, well we'll try to figure something out so you can get back to work without issues. before we move on can you describe the severity of your pain
can you describe the severity of your pain
to summarize- 4 to 5 days ago you were helping your friend move when you felt a sharp pain in your lower back.
is there anything else i'm missing
ok, any questions for me before we move on
now i'll ask you a few questions about your past medical history
have you had any hospitalizations in the past
ok, any surgergies
have you had any surgeries
are you currently on any medications
ok, and do you use any herbal medications
ok well that's certainly noteworthy.do you have any allergies to medications
do you have history of chronic illness- diabetes, hypertension
now we'll move on to your family history.
did your grandparents have any diseases like cancer or heart problems or diabetes
ok, how about your siblings
and do you have children
ok, now we'll move on to social history. before we start, i want to tell you that i ask all my patients the same questions so i hope you will not be offended.
can you tell me about your hobbies
ok, and how is your home life
do you live with anyone at home
i can understand that. and do you feel safe at home
good to hear! and how is your diet and exercise routine
ok, sounds like work can be a little strenuous sometimes
we'll move on to drug and alcohol use. do you drink alcohol
ok, so you're a moderate drinker. and have you used drugs in the past
have you ever used drugs
i'm glad to hear that! sounds like you take care of yourself.
ok, and are you sexually active
have you had male or female partners, or both
do you have any concerns about your sexual health
ok, and do you smoke
great!
thank you for your time mr. wilkins. is there anything else i'm missing before i consult with the doctor
ok, and any questions for me
thank you mr. wilkins, i'll be back in a moment with further information for you.
hello mr wilkins
it is very good to meet you i am star smith a medical student
our consulation today is scheduled for 15 minutes. what brings you in today mr. smith
please tell me more
tell me more about that
how is that affecting you
i am sorry to hear that
can you tell me more about the pain
i hear you, it can't be easy to be in pain all the time
are you comfortable right now
would it help you to lay down during the interview
how is this affecting you
that must be difficult
does it hurt anywhere else
how is your family being affected by this
i am going to ask you more doctor directed questions
where does it hurt
is there anything that makes it worse
is there anything that helps the pain
can you describe your pain
is there a time of the day when it feels worse
have you ever had lower back pain before
are there any other symptoms you are experiencing
tell me more
tell me more about the other symptoms
how often do you urinate
how long ago did this start
are you taking any medication
any other medications
how is your sleep
how is your diet
how much water do you drink
how do you feel right now
can i inspect your back
can i look at your back
do you have any siblings
how are your parents
any medical history in your family
any past medical history
do you urinate more often
tell me more
hi mr. wilkins
hello, mr. wilkins; how are you
isee; i am sorry to hear that. could you tell me a bit more about that
interesting. before we talk about that, is there anything else that concerns you about your health
could you describe your pain
when did you first notice it
how much does it hurt on a scale of 1 - 10
have you noticed anything that makes your back feel better
have you noticed anything that makes your back feel worse
i am sorry to hear that
how has this affected your current lifestyle
what is your occupation
i am going to ask you a few more questions
could you tell me about your family
is your family sick
have you been in any accidents
what about surgeries
are you on any medications right now
have you ever taken illegal medications
besides your back, are you pretty happy
that's good to hear!
do you have any children
do you have sex
have you ever had sex
does your head hurt
does your chest hurt
can you go to the bathroom
can you urinate
what is your diet like
do you have any problems hearing
do you have any other muscular pain
are you stressed
are you married
do you want drugs
what kinds of medication would you like
what do you think caused the backpain
are you overworked
alright thank you mr. wilkins
in summary, we know you have back pain and would like some medication to mkae it feel better
what brings you in today
ok, we'll definitely talk about that. is there anything else you'd like to discuss todas
ok. what can you tell me about your pain
anything else
anything else
so how has this been affecting you
that's definitely not great, i'm sorry to hear that. how has it made you fell
how has your pain affected you emotionally
what else can you tell me about your pain
ok, we've talked about your current pain, thank you for being so helpful and open.
because you're a new patient, i'd also like to go over you're past medical history.
hello mr. jim wilkins can i call you jim
alright, well nice to meet you jim, what brings you in today
can you tell me why you are here
ok, tell me more
so you were helping lift your friends couch and strained your back
i see. besides back pain, is there anything else you want to discuss today
alright sounds good. so when did this pain start
ok, has it improved at all
what does it feel like
what would you rate your pain on a scale of 1-10
have you taken any other medications besides motrin for pain
have you tried anything else to relieve the pain
and ice
any ice or heat for the pain
it feels better when you don't move
have you had pain like this in the past
are you experiencing any other symptoms
any numbness or tingling in your legs
any loss of bladder or bowel function
the pain is worse with movement
how is it been affecting your life
that must be difficult for you
do you have any other questions for me
do you have any allergies
any significant past medical history
hypertension
any other chronic diseases
any past medical surgeries
no back surgery
does anyone in your immediate family have any history of medical problems
no hypertension or cardiac disease in your parents
anyone in your family have kidney disease
are you active
how often would you say you jog or walk
what are your eating habits like
do you drink alcohol
how many times a week do you drink alcohol
do you smoke
any marijuana use
any use of any other ilicit drugs
you are employed
are you employed
are you married, or do you have a significant other
do you have any other questions for me
hello, mr. wilkins
i'm glad you're here too, mr. wilkins. before we begin, can you confirm your full name and date of birth
great, thank you. what brings you in here today
oh, i'm sorry to hear that!
can you tell me about this pain
that sounds very painful. i want to know more about this pain, but before we get started, can you tell me if there is anything else you'd like to address here today
is there any other issue other than your back pain you'd like to discuss here today
ok great.
can you tell me a little more about this pain
i see. how did it start
oh wow, that must be very challenging
how long ago did it start
what type of furniture were you lifting
ok. so, it was a very heavy couch. you said your pain is in your mid back, do you feel it anywhere else
does anything help the pain
does anything make this pain wrose
does anything seem to make the pain worse
a car part? can you tell me a little bit about your work
how is this pain affecting your life
what do you do for work
oh, that must be very difficult if you aren't able to work at all
so how would you describe this pain
on a scale of 1 to 10, where 10 is extremely painful, how would you rate your pain
ok, so let me summarize what i've heard from you
a week ago you were helping your friend move a heavy sofa and you felt a sharp pain in your back
ibuprofen helps a bit, but not too much
yes, mr. wilkins, i'm going to help
ok, so i'd like to ask you some other questions about your background if that's ok
can you tell me a bit about your general health
that's great. have you ever had any health issues or hospitalizations
have you ever been injured before
do you have any allergies
ok. are you currently on any medication
can you tell me a little about your family
are your parents both in good health? do they have any illnesses
what about your parents
who do you live with
you mentioned you are an auto mechanic, that must be very physically demanding
do you try to exercise
yes, it sounds like it
what about your diet? would you say you generally try to eat healthy
do you take any drugs not prescribed by a doctor
what drugs
are you sexually active
do you feel safe
ok, thank you for your time mr. wilkins. i understand your back is in a lot of pain, so i will give your information to the doctor who will be able to hep you
hello mr. wilkins. how are you doing
i'm sorry to hear that your back is hurting you. hopefully we'll be able to help today.
before we begin, are there any other concerns that you have aside from your back pain
okay, anything else
great. so today we'll have about 15 minutes to go over your back pain and your need to urinate more frequently
can you tell me more about your back pain
i see. how long ago did this occurr
where on your back is the pain
how would you describe the pain
does it radiate out at all
okay, can you tell me whether or not anything makes the pain worse or better
oh no, does your work require you to move things often
it must be difficult to work with back pain.
i'm sorry your experiencing back pain. it must make work difficult
has the pain affected your life at home
i can see that your back pain is causing you a lot of distress in your daily life.
i'm sorry
have you ever had back pain before
how painful is it for you
what makes it better
have you taken any other medications
are there any other symptoms associated with your back pain
okay, so here's what i've got so far: you are experiencing a lot of dull pain in your lower back when you try to do physical activity.
what can you tell me about your urination
is there anything else you'd like to talk about today
tell me more
hello mr. wilkins
it's nice to see you. how are you doing
i'm sorry to hear that. about how long has this been bothering you
have you ever had pain like this before
i see. a week is quite a long time to have to have this kind of pain. has it been worsening since it started
did you notice anything different in your habits before this pain started? say like halping someone move or trying a new exercise
what work do you do
that sounds very strenuous. have you been able to get any rest since the pain started
have you tried doing anything to remedy the pain in the meantime
how would you describe this pain? where abouts is it and how does it feel to you
does it seem more aching, burning, stabbing, or anything like that
is the pain worse after a day of work or upon getting up after sleeping
have you been able to rest since you have not been working
i can see how that would be frustrating for you. you mentioned never having pain like this before. what, if any, medical history do you have
have you ever presented to the doctor before for any other problems
do you have any other symptoms you would like to talk about
let's talk about your past medical history.
i see. that's very fortunate. does your family have any back pain history, or any other medical history you can think of
are you currently a smoker
that's very good for you. besides the ibuprofen you tried do you take any other medications
do you use recreational drugs
alright, thank you. let me repeat what i've heard back to you to make sure we are on the same page.
that is a very generous attitude to have, and i hope we can get you feeling better soon.
so this back pain has been mostly constant dull aching for about a week, and has been keeping you from work, correct
okay. ibuprofen has not helped, and you now feel like someone is stepping on you or squeezing hard, which hasn't changed when you have tried small tasks.
i see. we will absolutely work on a plan that fits what you are looking for. do you have any other concerns at this time
thank you for speaking with me. the doctor will be in to see you shortly.
how are you doing today, jim wilkins.
how are you doing today
i'm sorry to hear that. could you tell me a little bit more about what's going on with your
what's wrong with youre back
when did you first start having issues with your back
did anything out of the ordinary happen on those days
what happened 4-5 days ago
could you describe your back pain in more detail
what have you been doing to manage the pain
have you ever had any back pain before
what other coniditions do you hve
what other conditions do you have
what conditions do members of your family have
do your family members have any other conditions
what about your siblings
hello mr. wilkins, what brings you in today
hello mr. wilkins can i call you jim
okay jim, what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about that
where is your pain
what do you do for work
how is your back pain affecting you
i'm sorry to hear that, we'll try to get to the bottom of this. what worries you most
on a scale of one to ten how severe is your pain
okay you take ibuprofen, anything else you do that alleviates pain
does anything you do exacerbate the pain
and is this pain constant throughout the day
hello, mr. wilkins, how's your day going
i'm sorry to hear that
is there anything else you'd like to talk about today
ok, we'll definitely talk about that as well.
great. so, can you tell me about these problems
ok, anything else
ok, what can you tell me about your frequent urination
ok. how has this affected your life
i'm sorry to hear that. has it affected you in other ways, emotionally, socially
has it affected you in other ways
how have you been managing your pain
ok, thank you for the information you've given me.
now, i'd like to ask you some more direct questions.
is that ok
how long have you had this pain
when did the pain start
can you think of anything that may have caused it
on a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate the pain
did the frequent urination begin at the same time as the back pain
all right, you've given me great information, thanks for being so cooperative!
now, i'd like to go over your past medical history
aside from the current pain, how is your general health
do you take any medications regularly
have you ever had any major injuries in the past
ever been hospitalized
are you up to date with all your immunizations
good
any allergies
alright mr. wilkins, i'd also like to ask you about your family's medical history
can you tell me about your parents health
and your grandparents
do you have any children
are you sexually active
how do you normally stay active
what do you normally eat
how old are you
do you smoke
have you ever used any drugs
who all lives at home with you
what do you do for a living
do you enjoy your work
do you have any questions for me
hello mr. wilkins. can you tell me what brings you in today
okay, i'm sorry to hear that . about how long has the pain persisted
how long have you been experiencing the pain
okay, and has the pain been getting worse
okay. would you describe it as shooting pain? or just a soreness
is the pain localized to one area or is it spread throughout your back
have you taken any measures to alleviate the pain
okay, now i am going to ask you a couple questions about your medical history
do you have any chronic illnesses
that's great. are you currently on any medications
do you have any allergies
have you had any surgeries or procedures
okay, so back to the pain. how has it affected your daily life
what do you do for a living, if you don't mind me asking
oh wow, so this back pain is really getting in the way of work. what is your goal for today
okay, so you have told some friends about this. do you have anyone else that you confide in
okay,that's the plan. i just have some questions about your family history now.
heart disease or cancer
any history of heart disease
has anyone in your family ever been diagnosed with cancer
okay, thank you. do you have any siblings
okay. now i just have a few questions about your daily life.
are you an alcohol drinker
how is your diet? what do you like to eat
that's great. and do you ever drink beer or any other alcoholic beverages
excellent. are you a smoker
okay, and just a reminder that everything you say here is confidential. do you use drugs
great. thank you for that. and how is your social life, are you dating
that is understandable. have you been sexually active recently
any history of sexually transmitted infection
okay, thank you.
so mr. wilkins, i just want to summarize what we talked about here today. is that okay
you are complaining of isolated back pain, that has been persistent for at least a week. it is keeping you from working and you are eager to get back to work. you are looking for some help to get you back in the garage.
do you have any idea where the pain may have come from
do you remember what you may have done to cause this pain
okay, thank you.
i will consult with your lead physician and we will do our best to get you back to work and feeling better! okay
hello mr. wilkins, my name is jay - i'll be a prart of your patient care team today.
how ar eye you
how are you
sorry to hear that.
can you tell me more
okay. we have around 15 minutes today, before we get into the pack pain is there anything else youd
is there anything else you'd like o talk about
alright. is there anything else
okay. is there anything else
could youtell me more about the pback pain
could you tell me more about the back pain
tell em more.
tell me more.
what kind of pain is it
can you ponit to it
can you point to it
what is your name
who are you
hello mr wilkins
hello mr. wilkins. my name is student doctor lindsay mlynarek. what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about your back pain
hello mr wilkins. my name is student doctor lindsay mlynarek. it's nice to meet you
you need help? can you tell me what brought you in today
can you tell me more about your pack pain
can you tell me about your pain from the moment you moved your friends couch to now
is there anything else
what else is going on in your life
how long ago did the pain start
ok sounds like youve had back pain for the last few days after moving your friends couch. its especcially difficult to lean over and you cant even tie your shoes. you are also urinating more frequently which we can talk about later but i'd like to focus on the back pain right now. is that ok
what is the quality of your pain? what does it feel like
and how wevere is the pain on a scale of 1-10
is there anything else that makes the pain better or worse
hello mr. wilkins. what brings you in today
can you tell me more about your pain
how long ago was this
and what does the pain feel like
does the pain stay in your middle back ordoes it radiate elsewhere
is it worse on one side or the other
is there anything that makes the pain better
ok and is there anything that makes the pain worse
has the pain changed at all since it began
i agree. you sound frustrated.
is the pain worse at different times of day
how severe is the pain
on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the pain
what was happening when the pain began
ok mr. wilkins lets move into some information about yourself.
have you had any back pain before this inscident
ok any previous surgeries
andy hospitalizations
what about any current medications you are taking
how much ibuprofen
any other prescriptions
and how does the ibuprophen make you feel
do you have any drug allergies
ok and do you take any other supplements or non pharmecutical measures for your pain
what brings you in today
oh my, i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about that
oh i see, then what happened
could you tell me more about the pain
and how long have you had this pain
okay, is there anything else going on today that you would like to talk about
did those two things both start about a week ago
how long have you needed to urinate more frequently
okay, back to your back pain. is it dep or superficial
on a scale of 1-10, how bad is the pain
where do you work
that's great, hopefully you'll be back to work soon.
is there anything that makes your pain better or worse
does anything make your back feel better
is it worse in the morning
have you tried ice
okay, thank you for coming to see us today. i have some other questions about your medical history if yo dont mind
have you ever injured your back before
anything else
have you ever been in the hospital
do you have any other medical condtions
do you have high blood pressure
have you ever had surgery
have you had all your shots
what medications are you currently taking
anything else
do you have any allergies
have you ever had cancer
do your parents have health problems
do you smoke
does your dad smoke
is your father healthy
do you have any children
are you married
how old are you
have you ever been married in the past
who do you live with
what do you do for fun
what is your diet like
do you eat fast food
do you exercise
do you use drugs
i'm glad to hear that!
do you have any friends
that's good
do you have sex
when was your last sexual partner
do you have sex with males or females
are you stressed
how is your mood overall
can you tell me more about your mood
are you religious
are you spiritual
can you tell me more about the frequent urination
anythine else
thank you for your time, i'm going to go talk to the doctor and we'll be back son
hello mr. wilkins, my name is alex campbell, i will be working as part of your healthcare team
what brings you in today
i can understand how that could really disrupt your daily living
i am going to ask you some specific questions about your back pain and obtain your medical history. is there anything else you would like to discuss
so when did your back pain begin
where does your back hurt
does it radiate to any other parts of your body
how would your describe your pain
on a scale of 1 to 10, how severe is your pain
does this pain vary in intensity
does your back hurt all the time
is there any activities or places where you notice the pain
do any activities make your pain worse
do you do anything to relieve your pain
any numbness or tingling
any diahrrea or constipation
did you do anything to injur your back
what started your back pain
ok i am going to ask you some questions about your medical history
are you taking any medication
what are your allergies
have you ever been hospitalized
i am going to ask you some personal questions that i ask about all my patients
how are things at work
how are things at home
are you married
are you sexually active
do you drink alcohol
do you smoke
any illegal substance use
have you used any illegal drugs
are you stressed
how is your mood
any emotional swings
is there anything else you would like to discuss
do you have any other concerns
hello
how are you doing today
tell me more about your back pain
that sounds painful
that must be difficult
could you tell me more about the pain specifically
how long has your back been hurting
a week is a long time to have consistent pain
we are going to work as hard as we can to get you fixed up
has the pain been impacting your work
has your pain affected your daily life
that must be difficult
how frequently does the back hurt
when you have pain, do you take any medicine
what were you taking/
what medicine did you take
did the ibuprofen help the pain
of course, i will work hard to help out.
have you ever experienced back pain before in your life
so this is the first time it lasted more than a day
i can tell this is difficult for you, and i am glad you came in to see me.
does it hurt superficial near the surface or deep
so no other complaints beside the back
how would you describe your general health
any past hospitalizations
any surgeries or procedures
great so you seem pretty healthy on a whole
could you tell me about your parents health
do they have any chronic conditions, like diabetes, cardiovascular illness, blood pressure
great. and how is your home
how is life at home
do you live alone
i totally understand that. and you said you work as a mechanic. how much do you work
are you currently in a romantic relationship
that's a valid concern. how long ago was your previous relationship
when was your last sexual encounter
how do you feel about your level of physical activity
good to hear. and diet? any concerns with that
hello mr. smith, how are you today
my mistake, what has you brought you in today mr. wilkins
it sounds like that is really bothering you. we will definitely discuss this issue tiday. is there anything else you would like to discuss while you are here
ok, yes, let's address that first. we will talk more about your pain and then proceed to the phsycial exam. tell me more about your pain.
how long ago was this
ok, can you tell me more about the pain
does anything make it better or worse
you said the pain is affecting your work. that must be very difficult
how has it affected your work
have you taken anything to help with the pain
have you ever experienced something like this before
can you tell me about your past medical history
no other visits to the doctor or hospital
are you taking any medications other than the ibuprofen
has anyone in your family had any medical issues
do you have any siblings
and your parents, do they have anything they take medications for
mr. wilkins, do you smoke
ok jim, do you smoke
that's good to hear. do you drink alcohol
and do you live alone
no significant other
hi mr. wilkins! how are you doing today
we are glad you are here as well
did you have any trouble finding the office today
fantastic. remind me, what is it that you do
did you want to talk about anything else before talking about your back
is this painful
how long has this been going on
does it occur every time you urinate
is it painful every time you go to the bathroom
what do you think about your back problem
how long has your back pain been bothering you
so the same time as the painful urination
has anything made the pain worse
oh i'm sorry to hear that
have you tried any sort of treatment
how has the ibuprofen worked for you
is anything else bothering you besides your back and painful urination
do you have any other issues
ok great well part of my interview requires me to ask some more questions to get to know you better
do you have any other present medical issues
and how about your immediate family
have you had any previous surgeries
do you have any allergies
this part of the interview i have to ask about some of your social activites
is it okay if i ask about your social activites
do you drink alcohol
do you use any other drugs for pleasure
do you use drugs
ok great mr. wilkins. i will take down this information and go talk to the doctore
hello mr. smith
tell me what brought you here today
tell me more about this back pain
how long ago was this
has it changed at all
tell me when your back pain started
where you doing anything specific when you noticed the back pain
tell me more about the pain
how far up or down your back does it go
on a scale of 1-10, what level of pain do you have
what have you tried to help with the pain
do you notice the pain being better or worse throughout the day
how is this effecting your life
are you having any other issues
tell me about your health growing up
did you have any vaccines growing up
have you ever been admitted to the hospital
have you ever had any accidents
have you ever had any psychotherapy treatment
are you on any medications
what dose of ibuprofen are you taking
do you have any allergies
are you allergic to any medications
do you have any other health concerns
do you have any children
do you have any siblings
tell me about your fathe's health
tell me about your father's health
tell me about your grandparents health
do you know what your grandparents died from
are there any family health problems
has anyone in your family had cancer
do you drink
do you smoke
do you use drugs
what do you do for work
are you stressed
who do you live with
do you feel safe at home
are there any guns in your house
do you own a gun
do you exercise
what do you do for fun
tell me about your diet
do you have a partner
how many partners would you say you've had
when you have sexual intercourse, are you safe
are you religious
are you religious
do you go to church
do you have any trouble taking care of yourself
how is your overall health
any dizzyness
do you get headaches
do you ever feel dizzy
any weight change
have you noticed any skin changes
how is your vision
tell me about your diet
do you have any issues swallowing or talking
do you have any issues talking
have you noticed any issues with your neck
any chest pain
do you notice any swelling in your body
how often do you have bowel movements
how often do you urinate
any pain when urinating
any pain when having a bowel movement
any muscle weakness
tell me more about your sore muscles
anything else you want to talk about
hello there, how are you? before we start i am going to wash my hands and can you give me your name and date of birthd plase
now, it says that you have come in today for some back pain, before we get to that i would like to know if there is anything else you wold like to talk about today
okay, that's okay, can you tell me a little bit more about how you got the back pain/
and how did it start/
how did the back pain happen
what was the pain like when you first started experiencing symtpoms
can you rate the pain from 1-10
so not much benefit, i am so sorry to hear that. let me go ahead and recap what we have gone through so far
now i am going to transition to asking you some more directed questions, is that alright
first, can you tell me what during the day makes your back pain worse
okay, so lifting things. do you feel it constantly, and could you describe the pain in detail
i understand and i am so sorry about that. does your famly have a history of back problems
okay, are you afraid that this may be something in particular
what are you most worried about when it comes to this injury
does it interfere with your life
i am so sorry to hear that.
are you married
do you have any kids
any history of smoking or drug use
okay, well that's good!
are you on any prescriptions
are you on any medications
what is your biggest fear
what is your job
does this injury hamper your work
does this injury stop you
have you had any surgeries
have you ever been admitted to the hospital
are your parents alive
do you have friends
do you think you can take care of this on your own
have you been working
does this interfre with your life
have you ever been on any medication
do you drink alcohol
do you drink alcohol with tylenol
do you have a history of drug abuse
good. do you have any concerns about your work life
how is business
hello mr. wilkins. my name is diana shao and i am a medical student. can you please state yourdate of birth
can you please state your date of birth
perfect
so what brings you here today
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me when it started
what does it feel like
has it changed over the last few days
have you noticed anything that makes it better or worse
how would you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10
have you had back pain before
what concerns you about your back pain this time
i'll start with your medical history now
have you been hospitalized before
no operations
are your vaccinations up to date
any allergies or medications
what about medications
other medications
have you ever been injuried
have you ever been injured
any diseases as a child
did you have any illnesses as a child
any chronic illnesses
are your parents alive
how old are your parents
how is their health
do you have siblings
what diseases run in your family that you know of
what diseases run in your family
whom do you live with
what do you do for work
what do you do for fun
are you stressed from work
do you ever feel sad
do you smoke
do you drink
how often per week
any drugs
illegal drugs
are you sexually active
how many partners have you had
do you feel safe generally
hello mr. wilkins, my name is kyle mcatee and i wil be on your health team
are you comfortable
what brings you in today
that must be difficult
is there anything else
can you tell me more about your pain
aythings else
is there anything else
can you tell me where the pain is
can you tell me when the pain started
can you describe the pain
is there anything else associated with the pain
d
is the pain only in one location
does anything make the pain better
how much ibuprofen
what is the dose
do you have any other ailments
is there anyhting else
when did this pain start
was it gradual
can you rate the pain
are there any other issues
what are your concerns
how has this impacted your life
that must be difficult
i'm going to ask some more personal questions is that ok
do you have any chronic illnesses
are there any conditions that run in your family
have you had any injuries
any surgeries
what medications do you take
any other medications
how old are you
wow, that is old
do you take any supplements
have you ever been hospitlaized
hospital
do you have any allergies
are you up to date on immunizations
how are things at home
do you have a job
are you a happy person
what do you do for fun
do you smoke
do you drink
do you take any over the counter durgs
do you do any illegal drugs
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
do you use condoms
are you ever sad
tell me about your family
any children
are your parents healthy
do your parents have any chronic illnesses
are your grandparents still with us
what was the cause of death
how did your grandparents die
do you have any other questions for me
hi, my name is bradley and i'm a medical student.
i understand you're here for some back pain? we have about 10 minutes together today, is there anything else you wanted to talk about
don't worry, i'll be sure to take the time to address all of your concerns.
would you like to start by telling me a little bit more about your back pain
okay.
when did this pain start
was there something in particular that caused the pain to begin
has your pain gotten better or worse over time
i'm sorry, that must be really difficult. what do you do for work
have you been able to work in the garage at all? does that make your pain worse
have you tried any medicines or anything to make the apin go away
does that make it feel better
yeah, taking a lot of ibuprofen isn't ideal. we'll do our best to make your pain go away!
does anything make your pain worse
have you noticed the pain radiating to other parts of your body
have you noticed anything else different since your pain started? anyunusual sensations or feelings
is there anything else you want to tell me about your back pain
have you had any problems like this before
i know you're concerned with getting back to work. what else troubles you with regard to your pain
okay, i think i have all i need to know about your back pain. now i'm going to ask you some questions about your medical history.
can you tell me a little bit about any previous health problems you've had
have you ever had any surgical procedures
what medications are you currently taking, if any
anything else you might have been prescribed
you need to urinate more frequently than usual? how long has this been happening
have you noticed any other symptoms in the last week related to your back pain or urination
does it hurt when you pee
any other strange sensations during urination
are you taking any prescribed medications
are you allergic to any medications
now i'm going to ask a little bit about your family members and their health. do y
i'm just going to ask you some questions about your family members and their health.
do you have any siblings
how about children
and neither of your parents have ever had any health issues
okay. now im just going to ask a few questions about your lifestyle and habits.
do you live with anyone else right now
i understand that, having your own space is nice. and you said you have your own auto repair garage, how long have you been doing that for
what do you like to do outside of work
do you have any close friends
never mind. what do you like to do for fun
do you find enjoyment in your work
i'm sorry to hear you don't have much time for fun. do you find yourself getting stressed a lot
do you feel generally happy most days
any days where you feel really sad and don't want to do much
i'm going to ask you some questions about drug and other behaviors. before i do, i want to remind you that anything we discuss here is private, unless i learn you will kill yourself, someone else, or are being abused. do you have any concerns about privacy
do you smoke tobacco
good to hear. do you drink alcohol
have you ever used any other recreational drugs
are you in a relationship of any kind
have you ever been in a relationship
i see. have you been in any relationships recently
do you ever feel depressed
okay, that about covers your history. do you have any other concerns
can you tell me more about that
okay. thanks. i'll present to the attending and will be back shortly with him to discuss further and perform some physical exams.
hello mr. wilkins
how are you doing
im sorry to hear that! is there anything else that brings you in today
okay! we have twenty minutes together and will try to get to discuss both
tell me more about your back pain
what about your urination
how has this been affecting your daily life
that must be very tough! do you have a family to support
okay, when can you remind me when the back pain started
has the pain been constant since then
im sure we will be able to do something to help you get better!
can you describe the pain
does it hurt all of the time? or only when you bend down
does any movement make the pain worse
does the pain radiate
have you tried any medication for it
alright! it sounds like you have a dull pain in the middle of your back that is affecting your ability to work. is that correct
can i ask you some questions to get to know you better as a person
have you had any chronic problems
awesome! any hospitalizations or injuries
are you on any medications
any allergies
how is your home life
do you live with anyone besides your parents
i totally get that. where do you work
what do you like to do for fun
have you ever used drugs
do you drink
are you sexually active
how many lifetime partners
okay, can i ask you about your family
are your grandparents still alive
how did they die
are your parents healthy
any brothers or sisters
okay welll i think i have enough information. i'll go talk to the doctor and see what we can do for you!
hello mr. wilkins what brings you in today
it's good to see you too. did you find the clinic ok
i'm sorry to hear that tell more about how it has affect you.
that sounds unfortunate. what do you feel pain now
does anything else make the pain worse of better
on a scale of 1-10 how bad would you say it hurts
i'm sorry to hear that. how has this affected you and your family
how does that make you feel
can i ask you some more specific questions related to pain to help me assess
where on your back does it hurt
does the pain ever go away
yes , i will try to help you. when did the pain start
do you take anything medication for the pain
can you describe the pain
do any other body parts hurt
does it worsen when you sit, stand or ben
does it hurt more when you sit, stand or bend
has your back ever hurt like this before
do you know why your back hurt then
has anyone in your family had a history of back pain
how is your diet
what do you drink to stay hydrated
do you drink alcohol or smoke cigarettes
have you had any other past medical issues besides the back pain
do you live in a house or apartment
do you live on your own or with family
do you have children
do you have a spouse
how have you been caring for yourself
do you have anyone to help you
do you have friends who help you
how has your back pain affected your friends and family
are there any other issues you would like to also address
since when has this been a concern for you
how does this concern affect you
when did it start
since when has your concern about urinating started
since when have you not urinated frequently
how many times a day would you say you urinate
does it cause you pain to urinate
do you notice blood in your urine
is your urine a different color
has your thrist or appeptite changed
has your diet changed
which concerns you the most
which problem is most concerning to you
how would you like to treat this
do you have any allergies to medication
have you ever been hospitalized
have you ever had a bladder infection
do you have trouble sleeping
does one side or both sides of your back hurt
thank you for sharing with me.
i will tell my attending your concerns. is there anything else you would like to share
yes, so just to be clear, you have back pain and urination problems
ok i will be back after i consult with my attending.
thank you
hello mr wilkins how are you today
i am sorry to hear about that. could you tell me more about it
when did this happen
how much does it hurt
how difficult has work been for you
i am sorry to hear that. where does it hurt exactly
has it gotten any better
have you tried anything to help the pain
i am sorry to hear that. is there anything that makes it better
do you have any ideas on what the problem is
on that note, can i talk about your past medical history before we make a plan for your back
so now i want to take about your past medical and family history, is that okay
have you have had any past medical problems
have you been hospitalized before
do you take any medications
do you have any allergies
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you use any drugs
are you sexually active
do any of your relatives have any illnesses
what do you do for work
how do you enjoy your work
do you enjoy your work
do you play any sports
what do you for fun
how are things at home
have you served in the military
how are things at home
how do you feel most days
we will work to make you feel better.
i believe that is all i have to ask.
do you have any other concerns
is this recent
i believe i have all the info i need. we will help you with your back. thank you for your time.
hello mr. smitth, my name is nick farrar and i am a first year medical student on dr. taj's healthcare team.
great, i have about 15 minutes to discuss your back pain with you today. is there anything else you would like to get out of this appointment or any other concerns you are having
ok, great. so could you tell me more about this back pain you are experiencing
have you ever had back pain like this before
are you currently taking tylenol for this back pain
ok. so when were you helping your friend move
could you tell me exactly where to pain is
what type of pain is it
on a scale of 1-10, 1 being barely any pain and 10 being the worst pain you can imagine, how would you describe this pain
does the pain keep you up at night
if you do not mind my asking, what do you do for a living
is your back pain affecting your work
i can see how that would be difficult for you
is that the main reason you scheduled an appointment today
what is your biggest concern about the pain
i am sorry to hear that, that must be very troubling
so could you tell me what sparks the pain
what exaserbates it
what makes the pain worse
does it feel like your back is locking up? maybe a muscular problem
indeed they are. but that is a great idea.
how are you currently coping with this pain
what else are you doing to relieve the pain
what else are you doing to relieve the pain
are there any other associated symtptoms
are you having any other pain around your body
ok, i appreciate you sharing this information with me.
now i would like to move on to some more personal questions. i would like to reiterate that everything you tell me will be kept confidential, and at any time if you feel uncomfortable with a question, you are under no obligation to answer it.
are you currently taking any medications besides the tylenol
great, do you have any allergies that you know of
great, have yo uever been hospitalized in the past
have you ever had surgery
could you tell me more about your previous back pain
have you had back pain in the past
have you every had a surgery
ok, now i would like to ask you some questions about your family. i am just trying to get to know you better and get a better sense of your background
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
do you know anything about your father's health background
does back pain run in your family
what about yourself, what is your medical history
how woulld you describe your current health
great great, what about when you were a child
were you sick as a child
i would now like to ask you some questions about your social and  recreatinal life. these questions will be a bit more personal so i would like to remind you that everything you say in this room will be between me, dr. taj .and you rself
can yo utell me about your eating habits
how would you describe your diet
what kinds of healthy foods
what kinds of foods do you eat
great, it sounds like you have a good relationship with your parents
could you tell me about your exercise
yes your job seems very strenuos
do you use any tabacco product
there not the greatest
do you consume alcoohol
so you drink alcohol
so how much would you say you drink in a week
ok, do you take or drink caffiene
do you drink caffiene
caffiene
do you do any drugs recreationally
do you do drugs
great, could you tell me more about your job
how long have you been a mechanic
does work stress you out
does anything else in your life stress you out
do you have any others hobbies
ok, great
are you currently seeing anyone or dating anyone
i can understand that, were you dating anyone recetnly
were you dating anyone recently
are you currently sexually active in any way
ok great. well, mr. wilkins, i appreciate your time today, and i will take all of the infromation you just gave me and give it to dr. taj, and we will work on coming up with a solution for your back pain
hello mr. wilkins
good to see you too. what brings you in today
we can definitely address your back pain. is there anything else you would like to address today
tell me more about your back pain.
can you tell me more about the pain
when did this occur
can you describe the pain
does it last all day
does the pain radiate
on a scale of 1-10. 1 being no pain, 10 being the worst pain you've ever felt. how would you rate this back pain
have you noticed anything else that helps the pain
what dose of ibuprofen do you take
how many times a day
how often do you take ibuprofen
i'm sorry to hear that. it must be tough on you
have you noticed anything that makes the pain worse
have you noticed anything that aggravates the pain
what do you do for work
do you do a lot of lifting with your job
any additional symptoms you've noticed with the back pain
i'm going to ask you a few questions just to get a better picture of your health and help me treat you better
do you have any current medical problems
any chronic diseases
great!
any past injuries
any recent hospitilizatoins
any recent hospitilizations
have you had any recent surgeries
visited the hospital
do you have any allergies
allergic to any medications
do you currently take any medications
any other medications
ok. any other medications
what dose
how frequently
do you live with anyone at home
how is your job/
how is your job
im sorry to hear that, i know it must be tough
is work stressful
what activities do you during your spare time
i am going to ask you a few more personal questions, but i assure you that these will help give me a better picture of your help and help me treat you better
do you use alcohol
how often do you drink wine
do you use tobacco
do you use any recreational drugs
good
do yo use any prescription drugs that aren't prescribed to your name
are you in a relatoinship
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
have you been sexually active in the last 6 months
have you ever had an sti
ok. thank you very much for sharing that with me
i'd like to summarize you back pain just to make sure i've understood it correctly
great. thank you very much for coming in. i am going to consult with my attending and then we will come back to give you a treatment plan
what would you like us to talk about today
i'm sorry to hear that, and we can certainly talk about it.  is there anything else
we can be sure to discuss that also.  is there anything else
okay.  we will have about 20 minutes together today.  we will start with discussing your back pain then make time to discuss your more frequent urination.
tell me more about the back pain.
tell me more about the pain in your back.
when was this
have you had any back pain before this
can you describe exactly where the pain is
is it deep or at the surface
is the pain deep or at the surface
does the pain move around
does the pain radiate
are there times when the pain is worse
what do you do for work
has being unable to work affected your emotions or your relationships with loved ones
could you rate the pain on a scale from 1 to 10
how long have you been taking ibuprofen
how much are you taking at a time
how much ibuprofen are you taking
what other medications are you taking
what are you most worried about
does anything make the pain better
does anything make the pain worse
are there any other symptoms you're experiencing
tell me more about that.
is there a setting where it hurts more or less
what does it feel likke
how frequently are you urinating
have you ever had any injuries
have you ever had to go to the hospital or had surgery
do you know what immunizations you've had
do you have any family
have your parents had any health problems
are your grandparents still living
i'm sorry to hear that.  when did they pass away, and do you know the cause of death
how did your grandparents die
do you have any allergies
have you ever been hospitalized
do you exercise
tell me about your diet.
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you use any other drugs
do you use any illegal drugs
how's your home life
tell me about your home life.
what do you like to do
how is your emotional health
are you sexually active
do you drink caffeinated beverages
hi! are you mr. jim wilkins
great, i am kevin titus, a medical student working with dr. c. i'm here to talk to you about your health concerns and history.
so, what brings you here today
oh that sounds quite bothersome. let's see what we can do.
haha i don't think will be necessary. could you tell me a bit more about this pain
a dull ache in the middle lower back, correct
i'm sorry can you repeat where the pain is then
/and it is a dull ache
i see, okay. so when did this pain start bothering you
can you tell me some more about that
and how did it start
so 4-5 days ago you started having this back pain while you were helping lift furniture
how is the pain now compared to when it started
what is the intensity of the pain
how much does it hurt
what do you do for work
does the pain prevent you from working
does the pain get worse when you work
does the pain ever get worse
so the pain spread from you back to other parts of your body
have you tried anything to help it
how much ibuprofen are you taking
are there any other problems you have noticed
okay thank you.
when did the need to urinate more frequently start
have you ever had back pain before
okay, now i will ask you some questions about your health history.
where you ever very sick as a child
did you have any illnesses as a child
do you have any existing health conditions
no diabetes, heart disease, or cancer
any past injuries
have you ever been in the hospital
are you up to date on vaccinations
are you currently taking any medications
do you take any vitamins
do you have any known allergies
nothing environmental? like pollen or cats
do you have a family history of any diseases
are your grandparents still living
do you know what any of the died from
how did they die
any family history of mental illness
so you told you have not been able to work, are you staying at home
that must be frustrating.
what do you do for fun
any leisure activites
what do you do to relac
do you take any illegal drugs
has someone in your family used drugs
how do you identify sexually
what is your sexual orientation
are you in a relationship currently
how many women have you dated
do you practice safe sex
do you ever feel really sad
okay great.
let me feed back to you a few things.
so your pain started about 4-5 days ago.
okay, thank you for talking with me.
i will now go to discuss with the physician.
okay, i will be back to discuss our plan of treatment.
thank you.
hello! my name is starling tolliver and i'm a medical student working with dr. matcheswella
how are you today
oh, no well let's look more into that
tell me what brings you in today
is there anything else you would like to talk about
anything else
ok so tell me more about your back pain
is there anything else you would like to add
i'm really sorry to hear that
how else has this been effecting your life
how has this effected your life
how has this effected your work
how frequent is the pain
are there any other symptoms associated with this
does it radiate anywhere
how long has it been
how long have you had the pain
how long have you been in pain
when did the pain start
where is the pain
how long have you had the pain
does anything make it better
does anything make it worse
is the pain constant
what make it better
have you seen anyone else for this
have you had this issue before
i need to ask you a few question about your past medical history
any recent injuries
any surgeries
hospitilizations
any hospitlizations
hospitalizations
taking any other medications
any allergies
are your immunizations up to date
tell me about your home life
who lives at home with you
are you safe
how are things at home
do you work
how do you like your job
what do you like to do in your free time
any hobbies
how is your diet
do you get physical exercise
im going to ask a few more personal questions
do you use drugs recreationally
do you use tobacco
do you use alcohol
are you in a relationship
are you involved in sexual activities
have you been sexually active with men, women, or both
are you socially satified
are you socially satisfied
going to ask a few questions about your family
how are your parents
any chronic conditions in your parents
how are your siblings
do you have children
do you have grand parents
are your grandparents still alive
what did they die from
ok i see we have a lower back pain issue and i will definitely try to help you
where would you say the pain is
hello mr. wilkins, how are you doing today
did you have trouble finding the place
that's great! how has your week been
did you take off work to come here today
i'm so sorry to hear that. let's see what we can do to get you feeling better so you can
haha, the pain must be really bad then
okay, well we will do our best to find out how to help you
first, is there anything else you would like to address today
okay, so the back pain is your biggest concern right now correct
okay, did something happen to set off the pain
oh no, and the pain has been present ever since
how are you doing today mr. wilkins
i'm sorry to hear that! hopefully we can get you feeling better after today
tell me more about your back pain.
when did your back pain begin
and since then has your back pain been constant, or does it come and go
that sounds frustrating, how has this pain been affecting your life
i'm sorry to hear that, what kind of work do you do
wow, i'm sure your back pain is really disruptive for your work then!
where is your back pain located
does it radiate anywhere or just stay in your lower back
do you have any other symptoms that occur with the back pain
what does the pain feel like, can you describe it for me
have you noticed anything that makes the pain worse
does anything make it better
how much ibuprofen have you been taking
do you have any numbness or tingling with the pain
have you talked to a doctor about this problem since it began
that's okay, did you talk to her about your back pain last year
wow, i am really sorry to hear it has been affecting you so much
have you ever had pain like this in the past
okay. is it okay if we move on to your past medical history now
sure, we will definitely addres that but we also need to talk about your history
thank you!
do you have any chronic medical problems
that's great to hear!
do you take any medications daily
do you have any allergies
okay, i'm going to move on to your family history now if that is okay with you
great
can we talk a little about your family history now
are your grandparents still living
i'm really sorry to hear that
could you tell me about what medical issues your grandparents had
we will definitely address your back pain very shortly
can you tell me any health problems your grandparents had
do your parents have any health problems
do you have any siblings
any children
who do you live with
i definitely understand that
do you feel safe at home
great
do you have friends or family members to support you if you need help
what do you like to do outside of work
do you have any hobbies or activities you like outside of work
do you do anything for fun
do you get time to relax
are you dealing with a lot of stress
do you drink alcohol
do you smoke cigarettes or use tobacco
do you use any recreational drugs
do you use any prescription drugs that aren't prescribed to you
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
have you had sexual partners in the past
do you have any history of sexually transmitted infections
hi mr. wilkins, my name is colleen and i'm a med student.
nice to meet you as well! i'm working with your doctor today to take care of you.
of course. today i'll be asking you a few questions about your health history ry to get to know you better. but first, i'd like to ask you about what you'd like to talk about today
i'm sorry to hear that your back pain has been so painful. tell me more about tut your back pain.
okay- it sounds like the back pain started when you lifted the couch. how long ago did this happen
okay, so you lifted the couch four or five days ago
okay. how has this pain been affecting you
i'm sorry to hear that- it sounds like this has really taken a toll on you.
how would you characterize the pain
no problem- i'll rephrase it. would you say the pain is dull or sharp and stabbing
okay. and where on your back is the pain located
okay. does the pain radiate to anywhere else in your body
okay. is there anything that you've noticed that makes the pain worse
is there anything that you've noticed that makes the pain better
okay. how often do you take the ibuprofen
i see. is there anything else you've tried to make the pain better
i see- it sounds like the pain has been a real nuisance for you.
how is the pain affecting your life and emotions, since you haven't been able to work
i see. thank you so much for telling me about your back pain, mr. wilkins. let me summarize here. the pain started four to five days ago when you lifted your buddy's couch. the pain is in your lower back, and it's a squeezing pain. it doesn't radiate any where else, and you've tried ibuprofen, but it doesn't seem to help much. is that right
sure- no problem. thanks so much for sharing this information with me. now i'm going to ask you some questions about your general health to get to know you better. is that okay
okay, great. do you habe any chronic illnesses or other medical problems
great- glad to hear it. have you had any significant injuries
have you had any surgeries or visits to the emergency room
how about any hospitalizations
great. do you take any medications
that's right. do you take any vitamins or herbal supplements
okay. do you have any allergies
great. are your immunizations up to date
great. is there anything else you'd like me to know about your medical history
absolutely. i'm going to ask you some questions about your home life now. is that okay with you
sure. i'm going to ask you a few questions about your personal life now.
who lives at home with you
sure, absolutely. do you feel safe at home and in your neighborhood
that's great. you mentioned that you work- where do you work
that's great. what do you do for a living
i see. what do you like to do for fun in your spare time
sure, no problem. i'm going to ask you some more personal questions now that we ask everyone. do you smoke
sure. do you drink alcohol
okay. do you take any illegal or recreatioanl drugs
i see. do you take any prescription drugs that haven't been prescribed to you
okay. are you in a relationship
sure, i understand. are you sexually active
okay. how many sexual partners have you had
okay. have you ever had a sexually transmitted infection
okay. thanks for sharing this with me.
now i'm going to ask you some questions about your family. are your grandparents still with us
i see- i'm sorry to hear that. do you know the cause of death for your paternal grandfather
i see. do you know if any of your grandparents had medical problems
okay. how is the health of your parents
that's great. do you have any brothers or sisters
okay. do you have any children
okay. is there anything else you'd like to add to your general medical history
absolutely. do you have any other questions for me
thank you, mr. wilkins! it was great to meet you.
hello, mr. wilkins. my name is catherine culp, and i am a medical student working with the health care team.
nice to meet you as well. i hear that you are having back pain
okay. what brought you in today
okay do you have any other concerns you want to talk about today
okay. we can talk about these concerns and then i will discuss them with the attending so that we can try to help. can you tell me more about your back pain
have you done anything to try to alieve the pain
has this ever happened before
how would you describe the pain
does the pain travel anywhere else ever
is there anything that makes the pain worse
that must make some things really difficult. is the pain constant throughout the day or worse at a certain time
how is it affecting your daility life
i'm so sorry. what do you do
what is your job
i can see how that would be difficult with back pain. we will definitely try to help you with this. now i would like to talk to you about your concern about needing to urinate more often. can you tell me more.
can you tell me more about your need to urinate more often
do you have any other concerns you want to discuss before we move on to your history
okay. have you ever had any illnesses before
have you been hospitalizated before
do you have any previous hospitalizations
do you take any medications
how much have you been taking
how much advil have you been taking
do you have any allergies
do any of your grandparents, parents, or siblings have or have had any illnesses
okay. who lives with you at home
okay. and what do you like to do in your free time
now i am going to ask a couple of more personal questions that we ask everyone to get a better picture of their health and risks. is that okay
do you drink alcohol
do you use tobacco
do you use illegal drugs or prescription drugs that have not been prescribed to you
are you currently in a relationship
are you sexually active
how many lifetime partners have you had, and were they men, women, or both
have you ever had a sti
okay. i don't have anymore questions for you. do you have any questions for me before i go talk to the attending about your back pain so we can try to get to the bottom of this
thank you!
hello mr. wilkins, how are you doing today
why dont we talk about what brings you in today
how long has this been going on
does anything make it better or worse
on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate your pain
is it dull or sharp pain
does the pain radiate anywhere else
what area of your back
how has this been affecting you at home or work
is this pain keeping you up at night
are you otherwise feeling well
have you changed your routine in anyway recently
what do you do in a normal day at work
have you had any pains like this before
do you have any previous illnesses or medical problems
any previous surgeries
are you taking any vitamins or medications
do you have any history of illness in your family
any history of back problems in your family
any other family medical problems
brothers and sisters are well
who lives with you at home
do you drink
do you use drugs
are you sexually active
hi mr. wilkins, why dont you tell about why you came in today
how long has this been going on
what were you doing when the apin started
has the pain changed at all since then
how has this pain been affecting you
on a scale of 1-10 how would you rate your pain
have you tried anything else to relieve your pain
can you describe the pain for me
does it hurt more on one side than the other
does the pain travel anywhere else
what do you do for a living
have you had any problems like this in the past
any previous back injuries or pain
any other medical issues
taking any medications
any other medications
any supplements
what dose of aspirin are you taking
what dose of ibuprophen
any previous hospitalizations
any previous surgeries
any allergies
who do you live with at home
are you parents still with us
are your parents still alive
any past family history of illness
any siblings
any familiy history of illness
any family illnesses
do you drink alcohol
do you do drugs
are you sexually active
any problems at home
any problems at work
is there anything else that you would like to talk about today
have you ever experienced this before
how long has this been going on
have you experienced any burning or tinggling when you urinate
how many times a day are you urinating
any bloating or pain in your abdomen
any history of prostate problems
hello mr. wilkins. my name is melissa and i am the medical student on your care team today.
nice to meet you too! i'm going to talk to you for a bit, and then the doctor will join us afterwards. does that sound good
alright. so, what brings you here today
oh no! it sounds like your back pain has been very difficult to deal with.
is there anything else you want to discuss today besides your back pain
great. yes, we'll definitely do everything we can to help you!
please tell me more about your back pain.
so your back pain started when you tried to lift a heavy couch, is that right
can you tell me more about your back pain
can you describe your back pain for me
can you repeat that again? sorry
can you describe your back pain for me again
how has this been affecting your life
it seems like it's been impacting your life a lot, huh
that sounds rough
i'm so sorry to hear that! hopefully we'll be able to get you back to work soon
you seem frustrated
you're not frustrated
how long has your back been hurting
1 week? and does the pain spread anywhere
have you experienced back pain like this before
have you taken any tylenol or done anything to help your back pain this time
does anything make your back pain worse/
have you done anything that helps your back pain
does anything make your pain worse
how often do you experience the pain
does it change at all over time
how would you rate the pain right now, from 1 to 10, 10 being the worst pain you have ever experienced
how would you rate your pain
do you experience any other symptoms at the same time as the back pain
how long have you been feeling the need to urinate more frequently
so this started before your back pain began
so you have been feeling the need to urinate more frequently before your back injury occurred
have you seen any other doctors for this
what are you most worried about
we will definitely get to the bottom of this problem, but first i need to ask you some questions to help me get to know you better and get an accurate picture of your overall health, which will help me treat you. does that sound good
do you have any chronic diseases
do you have any current medical problems
have you had any injuries in the past
even when you hurt your back 4 years ago
have you had any surgeries
have you had any hospitalizations
do you take any medications
any other medications
do you have any allergies
are your immunizations up to date
now i'm going to ask you a few questions about your family history
are your grandparents still with us? how old are they
how is your parents health
what about your grandparents
do you have any brothers or sisters
are your grandparents alive
do you know their cause of death
do you know how they died
do you have any children
who lives at home
i completely understand. it is nice having your own space
how were things at work before your back injury occurred
can you repeat that
how has work been
what do you do for fun in your spair time
now i'm going to ask you a few more personal questions that i ask all of my pateints. they will help me get a better picture of your overall health
are you in a relatinoship
are you in a relationship
alright. do you have any questions or concerns about sexual health, in the case that you become inat you are in a relationship
so to confirm, your health has been healthy with no history of surgeries, your parents are healthy, you have no siblings or children
is there anything else you want to talk about today
what questions or concerns would you like me to bring up to the doctor
i'm going to go talk to the doctor now, and we will come back in a few minutes
hello mr. wilkins. my name is nolan farrell, i am a first year medical student and a part of the support team here. how are you today
back pain can be very uncomfortable. we are going to do the best we can to help you out today. before we get started i would like to ask you is there anything else you would like to address today
okay, great. so, tell me a little more about what is going on, if you do not mind
would you tell me more about your back pain
i see. and how is that affecting you
i see, i see. can you expand more on your back pain
so you cannot work, how has your back pain been making you feel
i can understand that it is definitely hindering your work and we will do the best we can to help you. before i ask some more specific questions is there anything else you would like to share with me
okay, great. so the pain started a few weeks ago, has it been gradually getting worse? or has it stayed the same
how about during a typical day. is it better during the morning? at night? or in the middle of the day
sure. is your back pain worse at certain times during the day
i see. is the pain worse in the morning
i see. how would you describe the pain
have you noticed pain anywhere else
i see. would you say it was closer to 1 or 10 on the pain scale
so you said ibuprofen helps. is there anything else you noticed that has helped
i see, how long has you had the need to urinate more frequently
has the need to urinate been persistant throughout
has your need to urinate been gradually getting worse or better
is there anything that is making your need to urinate better
i understand, it may not be that bad but it may help me, to help your back feel better so is there anything you have done to help the frequent urination
i see. alright, is there anything that makes it worse
so your job is being directly affected. that is tough. does stretching make it worse
okay, so i understand you have back pain and frequent urination. the pain consists of a dull aching pain in mid lower back, hurts wrrse when bending over to pick things up atwork, it has drastically affected work, and only ibuprofen has shown a slight betterment in pain (from a 7 to 5 or 6). you notiiced onset about 2 weeks ago when helping someone move. wis there anything else you would like to tell me before we move on
okay. now i am going to ask you some overall health questions to further help our team to get your helath back on track and your back pain taken care of. is that okay
okay, first i would like to ask if you have been diagnosed with any illnesses
is there anything in the past that you were diagnosed with that was treated
okay, have you ever been injured
alright, how about surgeries
okay, have you ever been hospitalized
have you been to the hospital recently for anything
okay, are you taking any medications
how about any other medications
i see. did she suggest that for any particular reason besides age
i see. are ytou taking any other over the counter medications? such as vitamins
how about allergies? have you ever suffered from any
do you have any allergies
alright, next i would like to ask a couple of personal lifestyle questions that i ask all my patients. is that okay
first, how is your home life
who is at home with you
who lives at home with you
i understand that. i definitely enjoy my own space. do you feel safe at home
that great. do you have kids
alright, how about work? you said you work on cars, can you tell me more about work
how is work going
i see, what do you do at work typically
okay, do you enjoy your job? outside of the back aches you have been having
do you enjoy your job
what do you like to do for fun outside of work
what do you like to do for fun
why do you say that
what do you like to do
how is your diet
what types of healthy foods do you try to eat
thats great! my mom is a great cook as well. but i am glad your diet is going well. now is it okay if i ask some more personal questions
do you smoke
i see, do you drink
i see, how often would you say you drink
okay, do you take any drugs that are not prescribed to you
okay, are you in a relationship
understandable. i know that you are not in a relationship but have you been seeing anyone or are you sexually active
okay. so you are 53. are your grandparents still with us
if you do not mind me asking, what happened to your mother's parents
have your parents ever been diagnosed with any diseases
okay. do you have siblings
alright. before i leave, is there anything else you wouldlike to share with me
when did this start
there is pain when you urinate
so, describe your frequent urination please
how often would you say
how often do you frequently urinate
have you changed your diet at all
has anything changed that may have caused the frequent urination
how long has it been on and off
have you done anything to try and help
is there a burning sensation
is there burning when you urinate
okay, i will keep that in mind. i would like to thank you for spending some time with me. i am going to write up everything and present it to the attending and we will come back and figuring out the best plan for you. have a great rest of your day
hello, how are you doing today mr. wilkins
i'm so sorry to hear about your back. is there anything else bothering you
ok. is there anything else
ok. if it is okay with you, we will spend the next 15 minutes or so discussing your back and frequent urination.
yes, i will then discuss your case with another doctor and we can decide on a plan togethe. does that sound good
great. can you tell me about your back pain
when did this pain start
does the pain level stay constant throughout the day
yes, i can imagine this would have a large impact on your life. is it holding you back from your daily activities
oh no, that sounds very difficult. on a scale of 1 to 10 how would you rate the pain
ok, you said that ibuprofen makes it better, is there anything else that makes it better
is there anything that is making the pain worse
is there any activity that makes the pain worse
ok and you describe the nature of your pain
do you think it is affecting any other parts of your body
is your back pain affecting any other body parts, such as your back or hips or legs
ok. what i heard you say was that you have had back pain for the past 4-5 days that is a dull ache in the middle of you back that you would rate at about a . is that correct
ok great. is there anything you would like to add
you also stated that you have frequent urination. when did that begin
ok, we are going to switch gears a little bit and i am going to ask some directed questions, is that alright with you
great. do you have any other medical conditions or diseases
that is great. have you had any recent injuries
have you spent any time in the hospital
have you had any surgeries or minor procedures
ok, and what medications do you take
any other medication
yes. who is your other doctor
do you take any herbs or teas
ok, do you have any other forms of caffeine
ok, do you smoke
thats great. do you drink alcohol
ok. who do you live with
that is great. what types of activites do you do for fun
what do you spend your time doing
oh no. do you work
that sounds like a fun job. do you feel safe at home and work
are you feeling overwhelmed and stressed by your obligations
ok great. do you do anything to relieve stress
that sounds like a great activity.
do you take any drugs
no recreational drugs
thats great
are you sexual active
have you been sexually active in the past
how many previous sexual partners have you had
ok. have you had any sexual partners before this year
ok, lets talk about your family. are you grandparents alive
i am sorry to hear that. how was their health when they were alive
what did they die of
ok. how are you parents doing?are they healthy
are you parents healthy
that is great. do you have any siblings
ok. do you know if your family has a history of cancer
ok. great. well, thank you for sharing this information with me. i will discuss this further with your physicians and come up woith a plan. thank you
hi, my name is dan gao and i'm a medical student here at osu.
it's a pleasure. could you please verify your name and date of birth
thank you.
if you don't mind, i'll be asking you a few questions to get to know you a little betterr.
afterwards, i'll be presenting to the attending doctor and we'll come up with a plan to best help you.
could you tell me what brings you to the hospital today
what brings you to the hospital today
what brings you in today
is there anything else
unfortunately, we do have a limited amount of time today and i'd like to make sure we address everything.
is there anything else you'd like to cover during the visit today
alright! please tell me more about the back pain.
how has that been affecting you
i understand that must be frustrating.
how does that make you feel
i understand. you came to the right place. we'll get you feeling better as soon as possible.
next,  i'll be asking you a few more focused questions to get a better idea of how to help you.
when did the back pain begin
is it something that you've had before
where is it located
does it radiate anywhere
how would you describe the pain
on a scale from 1 to 10, how would you rate the pain
have you noticed anything makes the pain worse
how about better
have you noticed anything makes the pain better
have you had any other symptoms
just to recap, you started with lower back pain 4-5 days ago afer helping a friend lift.
the pain worsens with movement and improves with ibuprofen. you describe it as a 7 out of 10.
next, i'll be asking you a few questions about your medical history and personal history.
do you have any medical problems that you're aware of
any past surgeries
any injuries
any hospitalizations
other than ibuprofen, are you taking any medications
any allergies
thank you.
i'll next be asking you a few questions regarding your family.
do any diseases run in your family
do you have any siblings
any children
how is the health of your parents
how is the health of your grandparents
i understand.
how are things at home
who do you live with
i understand, it can be really busy with a roommate.
are you currently working or in school
what do you do for work
what do you like to do in your free time
do you exercise regularly
i just want to emphasize that exercise is very important to maintaining good health.
next, i'll be asking you a few more personal questions. if you don't feel comfortable answering them please let me know.
next, i'll be asking you a few more personal questions.
are you currently a smoker
do you drink alcohol
any other drugs
any other recreational drugs
any other medications
are you sexually active
do you ever feel depressed
do you ever think about hurting yourself or others
do you feel safe at home
do you have someone to talk
do you have someone to talk to
that's it for my questions.
do you have any questions for me
thanks you!
hello mr. wilkins
how are you today
so is that what brought you in today? your back
what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that. it sounds that it's been hard on you.
how long ago did the pain start
can you describe the type of pain
has it been getting worse? or has it stayed the same
is there anything that makes the pain worse
have you done anything to help the pain
do you have a family history of anything
have you had any past hospitalizations
do you have a current medical condition
hello mr. wilkins. how are you today
i'm sorry to hear that. my name is yeon park and i am a first year medical student.
i will be helping you today and working with the attending to assist you.
so what bring you in today
i'm sorry to hear that. it seems like your back pain is making it very difficult for you.
is there anything else you would like to talk about today
okay. is there anything else
okay. i will ask you a few questions about your back pain and urination.
when did the back pain begin
has it been getting worse in the past 5 days
where exactly does it hurt
could you describe the pain
is it deep or superficial
is the pain at the surface or deeper
has the pain been spreading
could you rate how intense the pain is on a scale from 1 to 10
is there a time in the day that the pain occurs
is there anything that makes the pain better
is there anything that makes the pain worse
have you experienced other symptoms
tell me more about the urination
okay, i will ask some questions about your past medical history
could you tell me about your past illnesses
do you have a current illness
how is your general health
do you have any chronic illnesses
any accidents
any hospitalizations
are your immunizations up to date
are you taking any medications
any prescribed medications
any vitamins
any allergies
thank you. i will now ask about family history
do you have any children
are your parents healthy
how old are your parents
how are your grandparents
do you know what was the cause of their death
do you know why your grandparents died
now i will ask about your social history
what are your living arrangements like
who are you living with
what do you do for a living
what do you like to do for fun
what is your diet like
do you exercise
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you use any drugs
do you use any illegal drugs
do you have a support system
are you having sex
are you in a relationship
how has your mood been
any anxiety
okay. that is all my questions. is there anything else you would like to talk about
tell me more about that
okay. i will take this information to the attending. thank you so much.
hello, mr. wilkins! i am student doctor laura. how are you doing today
i'm sorry to hear that. that must be really unpleasant. can you tell me more about it
wow! it was so nice of you to help him out but i'm sure that's not what you expected the outcome to be!
can you tell me more about the back pain
how is this back pain affecting your life
what do you do for a living
i'm sorry to hear that you've been missing work because of this. can you tell me what your goals are for treatment
what are your goals for treatment
what would you like me to help you with today
when did the back pain start
what provokes it
what makes the pain worse
how would you describe the pain
does hte pain radiate
how would you rate the pain on a scale of 1 to 10
what treatments have you used so far
have you tried ice
thank you for that information. can you tell me if you've ever been hospitalized
have you ever had any surgical procedures
do you have any chronic illnesses
are you up to date with your immunizations
are your parents healthy
are your grandparents still around
are your grandparents in good health
i'm sorry to hear that. do you have any children
i am going to ask a few more personal questions that will help me learn more about you if that is okay.
what is your home life like
is home a safe place
does anyone else live in your  house
do you live with any other people
do you own a gun
i want to make sure that any firearms have been stored properly so that i know you won't get hurt.
do you have any sexual partners
have you ever used any recreational drugs
that's good to hear. do you smoke
do you consume alcohol
do you exercise
what activities are you involved in
do you have any hobbies
thank you mr, wilkens. if it's okay with you i'd like to begin the physical exam.
hello, mr. wilkins, what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that. that must be really difficult for you.
could you tell me a bit more about the back pain
do you know what may have caused it
how frequently are you feeling pain
how often does it hurt
are you having any other symptoms
would you like to discuss your urination and back pain today
does the pain radiate
where on your back is the pain
is it concentrated or diffuse
how would you describe the pain
on a scale of one to ten, how severe is hte pain
how would you rate the pain
when did this start
is hte pain constant
i promise to do everything i can to help you feel better.
what makes the pain worse
what makes the pain better
what have you tried to allieviate the pain
thank you for this information. i need to ask a few questions about your history.
some of the questions may be sensitive but i assure you it will help me treat you better
do you have any chronic illnesses
have you ever had a psychiatric condition
have you had any injuries
any surgeries
have you ever been hospitalized
do you take any medications
do you take any vitamins
do you take any over the counter medications
do you take any supplements
do you take any herbal medications
do you have any allergies
have you had all of your immunizations
who lives in your home
does anyone live with you
do you feel safe at home
what is your educational background
did you graduate high school
did you attend college
can you tell me about your education
what activities do you do
what do you do for fun
what is your occupation
do you like your jobs
do you enjoy your job
what do you do in your free time
have you ever consumed alcohol
do you use tobacco
have you ever taken another person's prescription
have you ever used recreational drugs
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
have you been sexually active in the past
how many sexual partners have you had
do you have relationships with women, men, or both
are your sexual partners male or female
have you ever had a sexually transmitted infection
are your grandparents living
how was your grandparents health
are your parents living
how is your parents health
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
thank you so much for the information mr. wilkins.
i will speak to the physician and bring her in to see you soon. thank you.
hi are you mr. wilkins
nice to meet you jim. my name is hannah rinehardt, and i am a medical student with dr. tajwhat brings you in today
can you please state your full name and date of birth
great.  what brought you in today jim
wow that sounds really difficult.  before we talk more about your back pain, i just wante dto let you know that we have 20 minutes together today.  is there anything else you want to talk about during our time together besides the back pain
okay.  anything else you'd like to cover
okay.  can you tell me more about the back pain jim
tell me more.
when did this happen
how often does your back hurt
has the intensity of the pain changed over time
if you could quantitate the pain on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the most painful, how would you rate your pain
what do you do for a living mr. wilkins
that sounds tough.  has the pain impacted anything else in your life
that must be hard.  are you worried about finances
okay.  well i hope we can help you with this.  does anything make your pain worse
okay.  have you tried anything to help alleviate the pain
how much ibuprofen have you taken
did you try anything else to ease the pain
okay mr. wilkins, i'm hearing that you hurt your back 4 or 5 days ago helping move a couch.  the pain is very intense and has not subsided in the past 5 days.  bending over makes it worse and ibuprofen does not ease the pain.  this is impacting many parts of your life including your job and daily activities.  is that correct
anything else to add about the back pain jim
next, we are going to talk about your past medical history to see if this will give me any insight into your problem.  have you had any surgeries
have you been hospitalized
are you taking any over the counter medications
are you take any medications
are you prescribed any medications
do you have any allergies
do you have children
do either of your parents suffer from back pain
do your grandparents suffer from back pain
now i am going to ask you some questions about your social history.  they may seem unrelated, but these questions give me a better picture of your life and habits.  do you use any tobacco products
do you drink alcohol
do you use any recreational drugs
does anyone live at home with you
is there a special someone in your life right now
are you engaging in any sexual activity
how is your mood these days
how are you sleeping
does faith have any importance in your life
do you consider yourself a religious person
how does missing work make you feel
how does that make you feel
any past illnesses
did you ever have back pain before 5 days ago
tell me more about your need to urinate more frequently
how often do you need to urinate
has the need to urinate been a problem for you
hello mr wilkins
glad you are here! i am amy, a medical student on your care team today
what brings you in today
i'm so sorry to hear that
we will definitely get a chance to talk about your back pain
is there anything else you want to discuss today
i will definitely try to help to the best of my ability
can you tell me about when the pain started
where on your back is it
what does it feel like
has it changed since you first experienced it
what makes it better or worse
is the pain getting worse
have you tried anything that makes it better
i see. have you had this problem before
to get a better understanding of your back pain, i will ask you some questions about your past medical history
how did that pain start
how has it been affecting your life
do you have any problems sleeping
on a scale of 1-10, with one being no pain and 10 being the worst pain you've experienced, how would you rate your pain
okay
to get a better understanding of your situation, i will ask some questions about your past medical history
do you live with any other medical problems
any injuries
have you had any surgeries
have you had to go to the hospital
have you ever been hospitalized
do you have any allergies
do you take any medications
how often
what dose ibuprofen do you take
how many pills do you take at once
are you up to date on your immunizations
great to hear!
i'm going to ask you some more personal questions, i ask all of my patients.
who lives with you at home
do you feel safe at home
do you work
what do you do for fun
do you use any drugs
do you use any drugs recreationallly
how many alcoholic drinks do you have per week
are you sexually active
do you have sex with men, women, or both
what kind of protection do you use
great practices!
do you smoke
that's a great health choice
are your grandparents still here
do you have any kids
are your parents still alive
how are your parents
are your grandparents still alive
when did they pass
when did your grandparents die
are there any diseases that run in the family
have you ever had an sti
so what i am hearing is that you are a generally healthy patient who is experiencing back pain
do you have any other questions
hello. how was your ride in today
please tell me what brings you in today
can you explain the pain
where is the pain
does the pain radiate
how would you describe the pain
is the pain ever sharp
how long have you had the pain
was their an injury to your back
did you injur your back
did you hurt your back
have you had back pain before
how have you been treating your pain
has the ibuprofen helped
do you have any other pain
do you have any other symptoms
when did that start
when did the urinary frequency start
so it started before the back pain
do you have blood in your urine?'
how many times are you urinating a day
does it burn when you urinate
now i want to talk about your past medical history
do you have any chronic medical problems
do you take any medications daily
do you take any other medications
have you had any surgeries
have you ever been hospitalized
are your parents alive
is your mother healthy
do your parents have any health problems
do your parents take any medications
do you have children
are your grandparents healthy
do you know what age they were when they died
do you use any drugs
do you drink alcohol
do you use any recreational drugs
do you exercise
tell me about your diet.
what do you do for a living
do you like your job
are you married
are you attracted to men, women, or both
are you attracted to women
are you interested in women
are you sexually active
have you ever been sexually active
do you wear condoms
do you have a support system
are you religious
do you practice a religion
does your back pain come and go
is your back pain constant
have you been vaccinated
how is your back pain affecting your life
are you worried about that
do you have any allergies
do you have guns
do you keep your guns safe
how is your mood generally
thank you
have a nice day
hello, how are you today
i'm sorry to hear about that. can you tell me a little bit more about your back pain
when did you first experience this pain
has this ever happened to you before
how would you describe the pain
has the pain changed at all since it first began
is it constant pain or on and off
how bad is the pain on a scale of 1 to 10
have you noticed anything that will make your symptoms worse
did anything happen to you around the time that your pain started
is there anything you have done that makes the pain more tolerable
is that anything that has made the pain better
has anyone in your family ever expereinced pain like this to your knowledge
have you had any serious injuries in the past
have you ever been hospitalized
can you please tell me your past immunizations
can you tell me your previous immunizations
are you up to date on your immunizations
are you currently on any medications
how much ibeprofen have you been taking
how much medicine have you been taking
do you have any allergies
how is your home life
are you currently working
where do you work
what do you do for fun
do you use any recreational drugs
do you drink alcohol
are you sexually active
are your sexual partnerys generally men or women or both
how has your mood been lately
have you felt depressed recently
have you had any thoughts of suicide
do you feel safe
is there anything else you want me to know about your back pain
i hope so, thank you for working with me today mr. wilkins.
hello mr. wilkins
i'm glad to see you in today. how are you feeling
i'm sorry to hear that. can you tell me more about it
where is the pain located
have you tried anything that has made it better or worse
that sounds very painful
how does that affect you
i'm sorry to hear that. can you rate your pain on a scale from one to ten
ok. i'm going to ask you some more general questions now to get a good idea of your medical history
have you ever had any surgeries before
any major illnesses
are you taking any medications
do you live alone
what do you do in your free time
what is your job
how many hours a week do you work
i'm going ot ask you some personal questions now. i ask these of all of my patients
are you sexually active
do you have any children
have you ever taken any illicit drugs
how many alcoholic drinks do you have a week
that's good. have you ever smoked
ok. are your parents still alive jim
are you married
thank you for your honesty
it sounds like you have a muscle strain in your back
i will consult with the doctor now about a course of treatment
hello mr. wilkins. my name is mary de laosa and i'm a first year medical student
could you tell me about what brought you in today
i'm very sorry to heat that. is there anything else you wanted to talk about today
okay, anything else
tell me more about your back pain.
how has this affected your daily life
what do you do for work
okay, and how long have you been working as a mechanic
that sounds like you have a lot of responsibility
can you tell me more about the back pain
how does the back pain make you feel
what scares you most about the back pain
what scares you about the back pain
how have you been coping with the back pain
when did the back pain start
does it radiate
how would you describe the pain
is it a constant pain
i understand, mr. wilkins. is there anything that makes it better
is there anthing that makes it worse
have you ever had similiar back pain before
are you currently managing any chronic diseases
any injuries beside the back pain
any surgeries in the past
hospitalizations
do you take any medications
how about any other medications
do you take it every day
do you take any vitamins or herbal supplements
what do you use it for
tell me more about the saw palmetto
do you have any allergies
are your grandparents still with us
i'm sorry to hear that. what did they pass away from
are your parents still with us
how is your moms health
brothers and sisters
do you have any children
who lives at home with you
i understand! do your like your home
do you feel safe at home
how are things at work
what dod you do in your spare time
have you ever used illicit  drugs
do you ever drink alcohol
are you in a relationship
what makes you worried
are you currently sexually active
when you do choose to have sex, do you have sex with men, women, or both
do you use protection
have you ever had an sti
hi mr. wilkins
what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear that
can you tell me more about your back pain
is there anything else you can tell me about it
how has this been affecting you
where do you work
in what ways does the back pain prohibit you from performing your job
i bet your back pain is making that difficult for you
what on your back is the pain coming from
where is your pain
is the pain in just one area or does it seem to radiate outwards
can you describe the pain to me
how would you rate your pain on a scale of 1 to 10
how long ago did you hurt your back
how long ago was your back injury
when did the pain start
has it been constant or does the pain come and go
is there anything that relieves your pain
ok, how about things that make it worse
is there anything that makes the pain worse
i'm sorry, i can see how that'd be very frustrating
so it started four or five days ago
ok great
how is your range of motion
do you have a history of significant illness
do you have any allergies
are you taking any medications
has the ibuprofin been helping much
any history of back injury
how has this affected you at home
how is your family
are you sexually active
how many drinks of alcohol do you have in a week
do you use any reacreational drugs
have you seen any other doctors about this issue
are you having any other problems that might be related
ok, i will take this information to my attending and see what we can do to help you out.
it was very nice to meet you
hi how are you
tell me more about your back pain
tell me more about that
is there anything else
how many times do you feel the need to urinate
well let's focus on the back pain for now then address the urination later
can you describe the back pain
is the ache on only one side or both sides
is your back pain on only on side
does the pain radiate or is it more localized to your lower back
ok
yep
when did the pain start
is it recurrent or constant
how would you rate your pain>
has the pain changed over time
has the pain gotten worse over the last few days
so a constant pain
what were you doing when the pain started
did it come on gradually or suddenly
does anything make it better
how often and what dosage are you taking the ibuprofin
how many times a day do you take ibuprofin
how often have you been taking ibuprofin
is there anything that makes the pain worse
does anything aggravate your back pain
where do you work
what do you do for a living
how has this pain been affecting work
how is your blood pressure
have you tried anything to treat the pain
ok
have you had a history of back pain
any history of back surgery
great
how is your day
are you currently taking any medications
in what dose
any prior hospitalizations
do you have any allergies
what are your allergic reactions
have you taken any medications in the past
what is your past medical history
are your parents still with us
are your parents living
do you have any siblings
are there any illnesses that run in your family
have your family members ever been hospitalized
any illnesses that run in your family
what activites do you do
what activities do you do
what do you do outside of work
do you have any hobbies
do you exercise
does the back pain affect your exercise
how is your diet
are you sexually active
are you married
have you had any sexual partners
do you drink alcohol
are you taking any medications or drugs that are not prescibed
any prescriptions
do you smoke
do you smoke marijuana
any recreational drugs
ok i'll speak with my attending to try and come up with a plan to help your back pain
goodbye
do you take any supplements
why are you taking the medication
why are you taking the supplement
why are you taking the medication
do you have any medication conditions
do you have any current medical conditions
hello mr. wilkins, how are you today
i am also happy to see that you came in today. what brings you in today
how long have you been experiencing back pain
are there any other concerns today
so, today we will talk about your back pain and your frequent urination. we have about 15 minutes.
can you tell me more about your back pain
what were you lifting
could you tell me a little more about the radiation of your pain
can you tell me how long this has happened
how about the location
the location of your pain
what have you done that might have hurt it
has anything helped it so far
have you had this before
what concerns do you have about it
was it a quick onset, or did it occur after
do you have any chroinic diseases
have you had any hospitalizations
have you had any surgeries
have you had any injuries
what medications do you take
do you have any prescriptions or over the counter medications
other medications
do you have hypertension or diabetes
allergies
what is your life at home like
home life/
home life
social history
where do you work
what activitiies do you do
do you do drugs
do you have sex
do you have any family history of disease
do you have children
hi how are you doing today
i'm sorry to hear that. we will definitely address the back issue, but is there anythingelse you would like to talk about today
so do you remember how it started
okay. how long ago did this happen
can you describe the pain to me
okay on a scale from 1-10 can you rate your pain
so you have tried to alleviate it. does anything else relieve the pain, stretchin, etc
i understand that could be tough to deal with. how does that affect you
what do you do for work
okay yeah i see how that could effect your job. so now i'm going to ask a couple questions about your history
so what is your living situation currently
who do you live with currently
i totally understand that. have you ever been admitted to the hospital
that is good are you on any medications
any other medications>
yes i agree with that. do you have a history of any illnesses in your family
any history of illnesses in your family
what is your family medical history
some of these questoins will be difficult to answer but they help me understnad the larger picture. are you sexually active
when you were did you use sexual protection
that is a smart decission. do you use any alcohol or tobacco
okay how about any recreational drugs
that is a smart decision. any tobacco use
what does your diet generally consist of? are you eating healthy
how often would you say you exercise
that is definitely a form of exercise. do you consume any caffeine drinks
do you have any allergies
are there any illnesses that run in your family
any heart conditions
hello, mr. wilkins. what brings you in today
tell me more about this back pain of yours.
how has this back pain been affecting you
please tell me more about how this back pain affects you.
what kind of work do you do
how long has this been affecting your work performace
i can see how this can be frustrating.
have you had any other symptoms along with the back pain
what else
what other symptoms have you been experiencing along with this back pain and frequent urination
when did this all start
when did the frequent urination start
how has the frequent urination been affecting you
have you ever had any issues like this in the past
what other kinds of issues have you experienced in the past
can you think of other symptoms you may have noticed
what other symptoms have you noticed recently
do you have any other symptoms
do you like your job
how long have you worked at your job
how do you like it
how long have you been a mechanic
you must be really good at what you do.
has anyone else in your family been experiencing these kinds of symptoms
who else in your family has had these symptoms
do you have a family
have you been married before
do you currently have a partner
are you sexually active
are there any diseases that run in your family
hello mr. wilkins. how are you feeling today
oh no, that must be terrible. could you tell me more about it
how long ago was this
could you tell me more about the pain
has it been getting worse
ok, i'm just going to do a quick recap. please feel free to correct me if i'm wrong. you'be had back pain for the last 4 or 5 days, and it's a dull ache in the middle of your back
could you rate your pain on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the worst pain you'vecan imagine
oh, so ibuprofen helps? is there anything else you've done that makes it feel better
is there anything that makes it feel better or worse
is there anything els that you've noticed
are there any other symptoms that you've noticed
i'd like to follow up on your increased need to urinate. could you tell me more
could you tell me about your increased need to urinate
is there anything else you're concerned with
ok, i'll go present this to the doctor, and hopefully we'll be able to find a solution.
hello mr. wilkins. how are you today
could you tell me more about it
how long has this been going on
could you describe the pain
is it constant, or does it come and go
i'll do my best. could you rate the pain on a scale from 1-10
is there anything else you do that makes it feel better
is there anything that helps the pain go away
is there anything that makes the pain worse
is there anything you do that makes the pain worse
could you tell me about your family
who do you live with
could you describe your work
what is your job
what is your education
what other activities do you do
that must be terrible
do you take any drugs
what other medications do you take
do you feel safe at home
have you ever had anything like this before
are you on any medications
do you have any allergies
hello mr. wilkins. how are you today
i'm sorry to hear that. other than the back pain, is anything else bothering you today
so you have back pain and more frequent urination. anything else
okay. tell me about the back pain.
when did you first notice the pain
does it come and go, or is it constant
what did a typical day look like for you before the back pain began
have you tried anything to treat the pain
you mentioned that sometimes it gets a little better or worse. what makes the pain better
does anything make the pain worse
on a scale from 1 to 10 with 10 being the worst pain imaginable, how would you rate your pain
how is the paina ffecting your day-to-day life
how is the pain affecting your day-to-day life
what do you do for work
okay mr. wilkins, let me summarize what you've told me about your back pain. it started a few days ago after helping a friend move.  you were moving furniture when you felt a sudden sharp pain. since then, the pain is a 7/10 dull ache in your central back. ibuprofen makes it feel a little better but not much.
you also mentioned that you have to urinate more frequently. why don't you tell me about that
when did the frequent urination begin
has it been getting better or worse, or staying constant
have you tried anything or seen other physicians about it
i am going to ask you a few questions about your past medical history. are you generally pretty healthy
do you have any chronic health problems
have you ever been hospitalized
are you currently taking any medications
how much do you take and how often
how much ibuprofen do you take
do you have any allergies
okay. you are generally healthy, have never been hospitalized, and only take ciburpofen for your back pain. is that correct
i'm going to ask about your family's health now. are your parents still living
are your parents still living
are your parents still alive
how old are your parents
do they have any health problems
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
i am going to ask you some questions about your lifestyle and social history. some of these questions may be sensitive but everything you say will be confidential.
who do you live with
do you feel safe where you live
how long have you owned a garage
what do you do for work
how many meals a day do you eat
how many meals do you eat per day
do you eat pretty healthy
what do you eat
what do you do in your spare time
do you smoke
do you consume alcohol
do you use any other drugs
that's great to hear. how is your mood most days
are you sexually active
okay. let me summarize. you live alone and work as a mechanic. you have a couple of beers every once in a while but don't use any other substances. you are currently not sexually active. you eat three meals a day and you have little spare time. is this corret
it's been a pleasure talking to your mr. wilkins.
i'm going to speak with the physician so we can figure out what to do about your back pain.
have a good day!
hi mr. wilkins
i'm glad you're here! how was the drive in
what brings you in today
oh no! i'm sorry that you've been experiencing that. hopefully we will be able to figure something out for you today
do you have anything else that you would like to discuss today
tell me about your back pain
when did it start
when did it start
is the pain only in your lower back or does it feel like it spreads
on a scale of 1-10, how would you rate the pain
did your pain get worse over time, or has it been consistent
i hope so too! how has this been affecting your life or your work
that must be very difficult for you. we will try to get to the bottom of this!
you said that ibuprofen helps with the pain, correct
does anything make the pain worse
and is the pain worse when you sit or lie down
did something in particular happen before the pain
what do you think the cause of the pain was
have you had a similar pain before
okay, well we will get to the bottom of this! i just need to ask a couple of questions about your past medical history.
have you been hospitalized before
have you had any surgeries
any past medical conditions
are you currently taking any mediciations
are you on any medications
how often do you take it
are you up to date on your vaccines
are you taking any supplements
okay great!
now i will ask a couple of questions about your family history
do you have any children
do you have any siblings
are your parents still living
how old is your mother
has your mother had any medical conditions
what about your grandparents
how old are your grandparents
do you know what they died of
okay thank you for sharing
now i will ask several questions about your social history.
who lives with you at home
you said you work with cars, right
where do you work
do you work frequently
what do you do in your spare time
do you work a lot
why do you not have time for fun
are you sexually active
hi mr. wilkins, how are you
i can only imagine, i hope i can help you feel better.
my name is aashish and i am a medical student at the ohio state university
i am going to be part of your health care team
i want to let you knw that we have about 15 minutes today
yes, it is. but should be plenty of time for me to help you
i would like to cover your back pain. but i want to ask if there is anything in addition  that you would like to cover.
is there anything else that you would like to cover today
alright, anything else
okay, so we will be covering your back pain and need to urinate frequently.
sounds good
so what's been going on
tell me more
anything else
so you were helping you buddy move and your back has been hurting since then
where do you work
so you have to bend a lot at your garage
how about now
do you have trouble with your engines now
how much lifting do you do
what happened next
okay, so now i am going to ask different type of questions.
where does it hurt
anywhere else
does it radiate
how would you describe the pain
on a scale of 1 to 10, where would you place it
okay, that actualy leads to my next question. are you taking any medicine
okay. and how long has it been hurting
does it get better at all? after you take the ibuprofen
does it take better when you take medicine
how does it help
sure! do you notice it getting worse or better
does it get better whn you sit
does it get better when you stand
okay, so you lower middle back is hurting for the last week, since you helped your buddy move.
you've taken some tylenol and it gets a littel better. but otherwise, is a dull pain
okay. so it feels like someone is stepping on you
and it doesn't get better or worse with anything
do you ice it
okay, so now i am going to transition over to teh past medical history
have you had this type of pain before
have you ever been injured before
what about muscle cramps
okay. do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you do marijuana or cocaine
thats good. it will really help you in the long run and your body will thank you for it.
what about your sex life
okay, i am going to ask you some family history now
did anyone in your family ever have a pain like this
are you worried you won't be able to work
do you have a family history of any medical problems
what about you, do you have any medical problem
great!
so now i am going to ask you a series of questions and perform teh review of systems and physical examination
thank you mr. wilkins, let me right down all this and let's get started
hi, my name is aaron koenig, and i am a medical student with dr. albert.
what is your name and date of birth
what brings you in today
it sounds like you have bad back pain.  is there anything else that you would like to talk about
ok, we will talk about your back pain and need to urinate more frequently.
what is your date of birth
tell me more about your back pain.  when did this pain start
has it been getting worse since then
could you describe the quality of this pain
if you had to rate the pain on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the worst pain you have ever felt, what does this rate
could you rate the severity of your back pain
does anything make the pain feel worse or better
when did your urinary problems start
when did you start having difficulty with urination
what other problems are you experiencing
where do you work, mr. wilkins
who do you live with at home
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you use any other drugs besides ibuprofen
do you have any allergies, mr. wilkins
have you had any recent surgeries
do you have any chronic illnesses
do you have any nausea
do you have sex with men, women, or both
are you sexually active
has there been any history of disease in your relatives, including your grandparents, parents, children
i am sorry to hear that.  did your father or mother have any health issues
do you have any children
ok, we will evaluate your back pain further on physical exam.  do you have any questions for me
hello. would you please confirm your full name and date of birth for me please
perfect. what brings you in today mr. wilkins
that sounds rough. before we get to your back pain is there anything else you would like to talk about today
okay. so we have about 10 minutes together today before i go and get the doctor is that okay
tell me more about this back pain you have been experiencing
ok can you tell me a little bit more about that
you mentioned having trouble bending over to tie your shoes. how else has this pain been effecting you
how has this pain been affecting your life
oh no. what do you do for a living
how long have you had this pain
how long ago did you start having back pain
how long ago was that
hello mr. wilkins
hi mr. wilkins. how are you today
i'm sorry to hear that you're in pain. could you tell me more about it
hello mr. wilkins. how are you today
i'm sorry to hear you've been having pain. could you tell me more about it
how long ago did this happen
can you describe the pain
have you been experiencing pain anywhere else
is the pain constant
what makes it better
what makes it worse
have you ever had pain like this before
i can see this is causing you a lot of discomfort. how have you been dealing with it
how has this affected your life
i can tell this is really concerning you and we're going to get to the bottom of this
how severe is the pain on a scale of 1-10
is it worse at night
other than the back pain, how is your health
are you currently taking any medications
no other medications
anything else
how long have you been taking these medications
any other vitamins or supplements
have you had any injuries recently
have you been hospitalized recently
do you have any allergies
have you had any surgeries
are you up to date on your immunizations
what do you do for work mr wilkins
what does a typical work day look like for you
how are things at work
what do you do outside of work for fun
what do you do for fun
do you have any hobbies
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you use any recreational drugs
would you consider yourself to be a spiritual person
who lives at home with you
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
have you ever had an sti
do you have any pets mr. wilkins
what about your family? are your parents still living
are your parents alive
do you have any children
do you have any siblings
do you have any close family
is your mom healthy
we are going to get to the bottom of this problem.
hi mr. wilkins. my name is valerie, a medical student here at osu
how are you doing today
i am sorry to hear that. could you tell me a little more about your back pain
how has it been affecting you
i am sorry to hear that. what does it feel like?\
is it only in your back
is the pain anywhere else
on a scale of 1 to ten, how badly does it hurt
does anything else make it better
are you having any other symptoms
when did it start
has it gotten better or worse since then
does anything make it better
does anything make it worse
is the pain constant or intermittent
hopefully we can help figure out how to make it better
hello, how are you doing today mr. wilkins
hello mr. wilkins, how are you doing today
it's great to see you too. i understand you have some back pain
you don't have any back pain
what brings you on here today
hi mr. wilkins how are you doing today
could you tell me a little bit more about this back pain
when did it start
what were you doing at the time the pain started
what did you do when you felt this sharp pain
has the pain gotten any better
could you show me where the pain is
it is a sharp pain or a dull pain
is ita constant pain throughout the day
how has the pain affected your lifethese last few days
i'm sorry to hear that. has that stressed you out a little bit
have you been able to work on your cars since you hurt your back
what do you do for work
have you done anything to help the pain
does anything you do make the pain worse
on a scale of one to ten how much does it hurt
is it worse in the mornings
have you had any trouble sleeping
okay thank you. i'm going to ask some more questions about your medical history okay
have you ever had any pain like this before
did you hurt it lifting something heavy then as well
have you ever had any serious diseases or illnessed]s
have you ever been sick before
have you ever had any surgeries
any past hospitalizations
when is the last time you saw a doctor
how is your health overall
do you have high blood pressure
heart problems
are you allergic to anything
are you on any medications
any medications
are you on any other medications
okay thank you, i'm going to ask a few questions about your family history
are your parents living
how old are they
do they have any problems that you know of
do your mom and dad have any health problems
did your grandparents have any health problems
do you have any siblings
how often do you see your parents
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active right now
when you did have sex was it with men or women
did you use protection
when is the last time you had sex
who do you live with
what is your job
do you like your job
do you enjoy your work
are you stressed at all
do you smoke
any alcohol use
how much do you drink a week
do you smoke
do you do any drugs
do you exercise
how is your diet
any other problems
how often do you urinate
has it gotten worse
do you have any more problems
are you worried about anything besides your back
good afternoon. can you please state your name and date of birth
thank you. nice to meet you. did you have any issues parking
so i hear you are coming in for back pain, first, are there other issues we can discuss
ok mr. wilkins, can you tell me more about your frequent urination
how long ago did this happen
has the pain gotten worse over the past four or five days
so what would you say on a scale of 1-10 how bad the pain is
that must be very hard to deal with. what part of your back hurts
on both sides
can you point to where it hurts
does the pain radiate to any other parts of your body
have you missed work
we will try to figure out what is up but first i have a few questions
have you injured your back previously
ok. is the pain sharp or dull. can you describe it for me
have you had any surgeries before
any previous back pain
have you hurt your back before
have you taken any medication to alleviate the pain
does anything make the pain worse
is there anything you have done that makes it better
when you injured your back a few years ago what happened
what caused the onset
when did you notice the pain
tell me more about the back pain
who are you living with currently
do you have any kids
are you married
are you sexually active
and your parents. are they still alive
what about your parents
thats good to hear
how did your grandparents pass
how old are your parents
do they currently have any health issues
any history of cancer
does the pain worsen at night
thank you
hi mr. wililkns, my name is nik sarac and i am a medical student, i will be taking your meidcal history today
sorry mr. wilkins, i need to obtain a medical history from you today
can you tell me why you came in today
i am sorry to hear that.  can you tell me more
ok.  is there anything else you want to talk about today besides your back pain
ok.  you want to talk about your back pain and frequent urination.  is there anything else
ok, thank you.  which of the two is your primary concern
ok, thank you mr. wilkins.  is there anything else you want to add about the back pain
yes, i hope so too.  we will talk about your back pain, and if we have time, we will talk about your frequent urination as well
how has the pain affected you in daily life
ok.  your back hurts too much to go to work
ok.  how has that made you fell
ok.  how long ago did the back pain start
thank you.  so you have been having back pain for a few days after lifting furniture.  you have a sharp pain in your back, and it has been keeping you out work.  is there anything else you would like to add
ok, we are going to shift gears now, and i am going to ask you some questions about about your pain
can you describe the precise location
can you tell me exactly where the pain occurs in your back
ok.  what does the pain feel like
i thought you told me earlier it was a sharp pain
ok, is the pain feel like it is deep down, or towards the surface of the skin
ok.  is the pain in one area of the back? or does it radiate or travel to other areas
how intense is the pain on a scale of 1-10
does your back always hurt? or does is there on and off pain
does the pain come and go? or hurt constantly
can you tell me how often it hurts
does anything make it hurt more
does anything help your pain
ok.  is there anything that makes the pain worse
im going to ask you questions about your medical history if that is ok
how would you describe your general health
thank you.  do you have any diseases or chronic illness now or in the past
have you had any injuries, accidents, or psychological problems
any hostpilizations
have you had any hospitalizatoins
hospitilizations
have you had any surgeries
are you up to date on your immunizations
when was your last period
when was your last period
when was your last period
are you taking any medications
anything else
any over the counter medicaitons, alternative remedies, vitamins
do you have allergies
do you engage in safe behaviors, such as seatbelt use, helmets, smoke detectors, and safe gun storage
have you had any recent health care screenings
hi, how are you today
hi mr. wilkins
i am tyler west and am a medical student and am a part of your care team.
can you tell me more about your back pain
how long ago did the pain start
where in your back does it hurt
can you describe the pain
does it radiate anywhere else
does anything make the pain worse or better
does anything make it feel better
has it been a constant pain
any other symptoms
did that start when the back pain started
tell me more about the urination
now that i know about your current health, i am going to move on to your past medical history
have you had any major illnesses or hospitilizations
any surgeries
any medications or allergies
do you take any medications
any other medications
do you have all of your immunizations
have you participated in any screening or preventative medicine
now i am going to move on to family history
how is the health of your parents
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
how is the health of your mom's parents
how are your grandparent's health
does your family have a history of diabetes or high blood pressure
now i am going to move on to social history
do you smoke
do you drink
do you do any drugs
do you do any illegal drugs
how is your home life
who do you live with
do you work
how is work going
your back pain is affecting your work
we will definitely try to help you with your back pain
are you out of school
do you ever get really depressed
are you sexually active
well i think i have everything i need, is there anything you want to add
what brings you in here today
all right, we will talk more about that and hopefully get to the bottom of it. is there anything else you'd like to talk about today
okay, we can discuss that. any other concerns
okay, so tell me more about your back pain
can you tell me more about the pain
okay, im sorry to hear that. how is impacting you
how is your bak pain impacting your life right now
i'm sorry to hear that. what is your work
and so you have been out of work since the pain began
what has it been like for you, not being able to work
are you experiencing any financial problems because of it
are you experiencing pain anywhere else
are there any other symptoms other than the pain
okay, is there anything else mr wilkins
i'm going to ask you a few questions now
you have told me that your back has been hurting since you helped your friend move. a dull ache, right
and it has prevented you from working, right
when did this pain begin
has it gotten worse in that time
if you had to rate it 1-10, what would it be
does the pain ever radiate anywhere else
have you done anything to try to make it feel better
how much ibuprofen do you take
have you noticed if there is anything else that relieves the pain
does anything make the pain worse
is there a time of day when it hurts more
are you able to sleep okay
is your back sore to the touch
have you ever had back problems before
we will definitely get to the bottom of this and find a way to help you. first though,i need t ask a few questions
do you have any current illnesses
any psychological problems
have you had any injuries in the past
have you had any surgeries
any hospitalizations
are you taking any medications
any other medications
have you been diagnosed with any cardiovascular problems
do you take any vitamins or other supplements
can you tell me more about that
can you tell me more about saw palmento
do you have any food allergies
seasonal allergies? medication allergies
did you have basic pediatric immunizations as a child
now we're going to talk a bit about your social health
what is your home life like
who lives at home with you
do you enjoy living alone
do you feel safe at home
you work as a mechanic, right
do you have any other jobs
what do you do in your free time
do you do anything to relax
what do you do when you're not working
do you use alcohol or tobacco
any illegal or recreational drug use
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
have you had sexual partners in the past
have you ever had an sti
are your grandparents still with us
i'm sorry to hear that. what were the causes of death and how old were they
did they die of any particular diseases
are your parents still alive
are your parents still with us
are your parents healthy
do you have any chronic diseases in the family
do you have any siblings
do you have children
thank you so much for taking the time to answer those questions
i will be talking with the doctor about your back pain and she will be in shortly to help you find a way to feel better again
we will get you back to work as soon as possible
do you have any more questions or concerns
thank you, goodbye
hello. what is your name sir
nice to meet you mr. wilkins.
well hopefully i can provide that for you today. what brings you in today
when did your back pain start
has it been worsening since that time or constant
on a scale of 1-10, how would you rate the pain
have you tried anything else for the pain
does it radiate anywhere
does anything make it better or worse
can you describe the pain for me
are you experiencing any other associated symptoms
okay now i'd like to collect a little more information about you
have you had pain like this in the past
do you have any other medical problems
have you ever been admitted to the hospital
have you had any surgeries or trauma
what were you doing when the pain started
are you allergic to anything
are your immunizations up to date
do you take any medications on a regular basis
do your parents, grandparents, siblings, or children have any health issues
do you use tobacco, alcohol, or illicit drugs
where do you work
does working make your back pain worse
does your back pain interfere with your work
is not being able to work a concern for you
have you been feeling more stressed or depressed lately
who lives with you at home
do you have a good support system
do you feel safe at home
are you currently in a relationship
how many sexual partners have you had in the last 6 months
do you ever experience urinary incontinence
any numbness or tingling
what about weakness in your extremities
what are you most concerned about today
is there anything else that you would like to discuss
good afternoon mr. wilkins!
it's nice to meet you. my anem is christine fung and i'm a medical student on your care team.
what brings you in to see me today
i'm sorry to hear that! can you tell me more about your back pain
that's really difficult. when was it you went to help your buddy
how long have you had this back pain
is there anything that makes it better
does anything make the pain worse
sounds really difficult.
has it gotten better or worse over time
could you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10
is it only in your back
does the pain go anywhere
have you had an surgeries in the past
have you been hospitalized before
is there anything else you are worried about
are you worried about anything else
are you allergic to anything
how are your grandparents
how are your parents' health
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
do you live with anyone at home
do you feel safe in yoru home
where do you work
how is your work going
this has really been affecting your work
have you been immunized
do you have all your shots
do you take any illegal drugs
do you drink
do you smoke tobacco
do you use chewing tobacco
how is your health
do you think you eat well
how is your diet
do you exercise
are you currently in a relationship
how many sex partners have you had in the past 3 months
doo you usualy have sex with men, women, or both
do you use protection
thank you.
hello mr wilkins, what brings you here today
is there anything else you wan to make sure we talk about today
anything else
okay well we have about 10 minutes to talk today
tell me about your back pain
tell me more about the ache
do you notice the pain anywhere else
any other symptoms youve noticed
when did the pain begin
tell me about how you noticed the pain
how has the pain been affecting your life
what doi you do for a living
i understand back pain like that must be really difficult to complete your job
does anything seem to make it better or worse
did the pain seem to start suddenly or begin gradually
how would you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10
does anything else seem to help besides ibuprofen
does anything else seem to help
does anything seem to make it better
anything else
when did you forst notice the pain
what were you doing at the time
yes
when did you notice problems urinating
when did you first notice
when did the problems urinating start
did it start gradually
does anything make it worse
anyhting make it baeter
anything make it better
have you been screened fro prostate
i understand. those can be uncomfortable
what brings you in today, mr wilkins
back pain, eh? can you describe it
when did this start
is the pain constant
of course. what makes it better
and worse
what makes it worse
have you tried anything other than ibuprofen for the pain
is there anything else you would like to discuss
do you notice anything accompanying the pain
numbness of tingling
how about your feet
when did you first notice the pain
what were you doing
what do you do for work
do you lift heavy objects for your job
any history of back pain or injury
hello mr. wilkins. my name is daniel.
i'll be taking your medical history today. we've got about 20 minutes together.
well, i'd love to hear a list of things that you'd like to talk about.
so what's the first thing you'd like to talk about
oh no, that sounds tough. before we talk about that, is there anything else you'd like to talk about
anything else
ok. we can talke about your back pain now, and your urination a little later.
so, can you tell me all about your back pain
ok, can you tell me more
anything else
ouch. how's it been affecting you
that's terrible! might i ask why and how
has this put you under a lot of stress
that's good. have you needed to change any routines
how do you feel about your pain, and about not being able to work
right. have you ever had something like this before
ok, changing tack. tell me about your problems with urination.
where do you feel the pain
is it deep or shallow
do you feel the pain anywhere else
how does it feel? burning
on a scale of 1 to 10
on a scale of 1 to 10, how much does it hurt
when did it start
does it ever get better or worse
does anything make it feel better
does it bother you at specific locations or times
is it difficult for your to do certain tasks
have you taken any medications for this
hello what brings you in today
ok we'll talk more about your pain. do you have any other concerns
ok, thank you for sharing with me. do you have any other concerns
which concern is most important to you right now
im sorry to hear that. how does this make you feel
how has this pain affected your life
how this affected other people in your life
is it alright for me to ask you questions about your back pain
tell me more about the pain
ok does anything else about your back pain concern you
when did the pain start
when does it hurt the most
do any movements make it better or worse
does it hurt when you lay down
how would you describe the pain
has it affected other parts of your body
do you feel pain anywhere else in your body
when does it hurt the most
what do you take for the pain
im sorry to hear that it is affecting you and your life.
have you had pain like this before
have you noticed any other changes
any other changes
does it hurt when you lay down
does it hurt when you stand up
does it hurt when you bend over
on a scale of 1-10 how bad is the pain
how many times a day do you take ibuprofen
have you seen a physical therapist
has your diet changed
do you fell dehydrated
how many glasses of water do you drink
how frequently do you urinate
any other changes with your bladder
how has your sleep been
how many hours a day do you sleep
lets talk about your concern with urinating
have you had any other injuries
you said your urinate less
allergies
does it hurt when you urinate
do you strain to urinate
any family history of kidney problems
any other health concerns in your family
thank you have ea nice day.
hello, mr. wilkins. my name is shari duarte and i will be helping you today.
how are you
tell me more about your back pain
how long ago did it start hurting
how severe is your pain
have you had to miss many days off of work
what part of your back hurts
have you been experiencing any other symptoms along with this back pain
how long have you been experiencing frequent urination
have you taken anything for it
how often and how much do you take
how often do you take it
how often do you take something for it
how much medicine do you take
are you allergic to anything
have you had any diseases in the past
do you currently have any other diseases
do you have any other conditions you'd like to share about
how has this all made you feel
do you have a family that can help you
do you have a family
are you currently in a relationship
are you sexually active
tell me what you do for fun
what do you do in your spare time
has this been frustrating you
are you worried about losing your job
do you drink or smoke
what about drugs
do you have any family history of diseases
are they all living
do you know what was their cause of death
do you have any other symptoms
what does it feel like when you urinate
does it affect how you sleep
hello, mr. wilkins. how are you today
tell me more about this back pain of yours
what part of your back are you feeling this pain
how bad is your pain
where do you work
have you had to take many days off work because of your pain
how long has this back pain been going
do you take any medications for it
is that prescription or over the counter
are they prescription
is your ibuprofen over the counter
do you have any allergies
have you been experiencing any other symptoms besides the back pain
when did that start
when did the frequent need to urinate start
how long have you felt the frequent need to urinate
when did the frequent urination start
do you have any prescription medications
do you take any over the counter medications
do you have a family
do you know of any diseases in the family
do you have a family history of diseases
are they alive
do you drink
do you smoke
are you sexually active
what would you like me to help you with today
is there anything you do that makes the pain feel better
have you had any past illnesses
what about past surgeries
what about past injuries
have you ever been hospitalized
how much ibuprofen do you take
do you take supplements
who prescribed the medications to you
have you had any allergic reactions
do you have siblings
name and date or birth
what is your name and date of birth
what do you need help with today
when did the back pain start
how has the pain progressed
is there anything else you want to talk about today
how did the back pain happen
where did the event happen
where did you hurt your back
where in your lower back
how severe is the pain
on a scale of 1-10 what is the pain
what medications do you take for the pain
what other medications do you take
what other medications have you taken
have you ever had back pain in the pasty
have you ever had an issue with your back in the past
what is your job
do you live alone
have you ever been hsoptialized
have you ever had surgery
have you ever been in the hospital
does the pain radiate
do you have any other pain
how has the injury progressed
can you tell me more about the car accidents
have you ever had any illnesses
does your family have any preexisting illnesses
are you healthy
you have kids
are you married
have you ever been married
what is your job
do you use drugs?/
do you use supplements
what is the dosage of tylenol
any other medications
why did you start taking the medications
do you have any allergies
have you ever had an allergic reactions
do you take any supplements
have you ever had any allergic reactions
can you describe the pain
ow often do you take the medication
can you sit down
can you stand
what are you worried about
have you ever had any real issues
does your family have any issues
is your family healthy
does your family have any preeixsting conditions
what is your personal life like
what is your personal life
how do you spend your free time
what is your job
do you like your job
allergic reactions
how often do you urinate
when did you notice your urinations
hello mr. wilkis. my name is student doctor lindsay mlynarek and i'll be working with your physician as part of your care team today
we have about 15 minutes together today and in that timewe'll talk about any of your concerns, i'll have a few questions to ask you and then the physician will join us
so what brings you in today
i'm sorry to hear tha. was there anything other than your back pain you wanted to discuss today
ok well hopefully we can figure this out for you. can you tell me some more about your pack apin
could you tell me more about your back pain
ok your back has been hurting ever since you moved your friends couch. is there anything else
alright well we'll talk about your increased need to urinate but first id like to adress you back pain
alright so you've had back pain that started as a sharp pain when you bent over to pick up your friends couch. you've had issues bending over to tie your shoes and its been preventing you from working.
and i'm sure you'd like to do it aga! do you often move heavy objects for work
ok well i have a few more specific wuestions to ask you about your pain
so how often does your back hurt
tell me more about when your back pain first started
and what was happening when the pain started
and since then how has teh pain changed
does it get better or worse throughout the day
what are some things that make it better
ok and what makes it worse
alright and what does the pain feel like
where is the pain located
does it radiate anywhere
is it worse on one side or the other
and how severe would you say your pain is right now
ok well i'd definatly like to get to the bottom of your pain but furst i'd like to aks you some questions to get to know you better and get an accurate picture of your overall health. does that sound ok
ok do you have any chronic health issues
good to know. any previous history o fback injury
have you had pain like this before
ok any other  previous injuries
any hospitalizations or er visits
any surgeries
do you have any prescriptions
do you take any medications
how much ibuprofen have you been taking
do you take any supplements or other factors for your health
what have you ben taking saw pelimento for
whta have you been taking saw palmetto for
what have you been taking saw palmetto for
you have any allergies
do you have any drug allergies
ok are you up to date on your immunizations
alright then i have a few questions about your family. do you have any siblings
and how about your parents
and your grandparents
are your grandparents still with us
what was your grandparents cause of death
what was your grandparents cause of death
what medical problems did your grandparents have
how did your maternal grandmother die
how did ou paternal grandfather die
do you have any children
how many pregnancies have you had
how many pregnancies have you had
so what do you do for work
how long have you een an auto mechanic
wow thats great. is it stressful being a business owner
is it stressful being a business owner
are you stressed
how are things going with work
who lives at home
how has your back pain effected your home life
do you feel safe in your home
do you ave anyone who checks in on you
so what do you do in your spare time
do you do anything for stress relief
do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you take any medications not prescribed to you
any other illicit substances
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
with how many partners are you not sexually active
in your lifetime have your partners been men women or both
do you use protection
have you ever had an sti
alright jimborino. youve told me about your back pain which started about 4-5 days ago when moving your friends couch
it is a dull pain around a 7 but a sharp pain when you bend over or move. ibuprofien makes the pain better
does that all sound right
do you have any questions
thank ou for your time
hello!
what brings your in today mr. wilkins
great i will ask you some detailed questions about your back pain.
do you want to discuss anything else
where is your back pain
does the pain spread anywhere else
how would you describe your pain
how severe is your back pain
when did your back pain start
do you remember what you were doing when your back started to hurt
does your back hurt all the time
i undetstand that this injury can cause stress
does anything make your back pain worse
does any activity make your back pain better
does anything relieve your back pain
how much ibuprofen to you take
you take ibuprofen for the back pain
any numbness
any weakness
any weakness in your legs
i am going to ask questions about your medical history
do you have any other medical conditions
are you taking any other medication
how much aspirin were you taking
any allergies
any surgeries
have you ever been hospitalized
do you have any living relatives
are your parents still alive
did your parents have any medical conditions
any inheritable diseases
how is your mental health
i am going to ask some personal questions about your social history
is that ok
what do you do for a living
what do you do for work
how is work
how are things at home
are you married
are you sexually active
are you dating
do you plan on using any protection during sex
how many sexual partners have you had
do you excercise
do you do any physical activities
what other activities do you do
what do you do for fun
do you smoke
do you drink
do you use illegal drugs
has this injury caused stress
are you stressed from your injury
are you happy
im happy your happy
is there anything else you would like to discuess
when did you notice increased urination
tell me about this urination problem
how frequently do you urinate
does urination cause pain
when did the urination problem start
how many times do you urinate
have you been constipated
constipation
diahrrea
any diahrrea
so besides your back pain and urination, is there any other concerns
ok thank you for opening up and answering all my questions
lets see if we can take care of that back pain
hello mr. wilkins, my name is jamie, i'm a medical student here working with dr. asteriou.
what has brought you in today
ok, we will definitely discuss that. is there anything else you want to address during your visit today
yes, we will see what we can do to help with that. we will have about 20 minutes together today. we wil talk about your back pain and then go vover some basic information for your medical record. ok
tell me more about your back pain
how long ago was this
is there anything that makes it better or worse
can you tell or show me where the pain is exactly
is it moving to or affecting any other parts of your body
on a scale of 1-10, how bad is the pain
what do you do for work
oh, that must be difficult to not be able to work
are you taking anything to help with the pain
how much are you taking
how often are you taking the ibuprofen and what dose
are you taking any other medications
do you live with anyone
do you drink or smoke
and you don't smoke
how about any other drugs
ok, anything else otc youre taking
do you do any recreational drugs? anything you are not prescribed
tell me a littel about your family
have your parents ever been hospitalized
how about any operations
why do you take the baby aspirin
do you have any medical conditions you see another doctor for
are your parents healthy
they don't take any medications
have your parents ever had a surgery
ok, we will move on to the physcial exam now. anything more you want me to know before we move on
hello there! i am david allen. i am going to wash my hands first, can you give me your name and date of birth
thank you. now what can i help you with today
wow, i am so sorry to hear that. before we get to that is there anything else you'd like to talk about today
okay. thank. would you mind telling me about your back painn
can you rate the pain from 1-10
where in the back
does the pain radiate
okay when is the pain the worst
what makes the pain worse
what makes it feel better
what dosage are you on
do you use any other medications
what dosage of aspirin
have you ever had a history of back pain
has your family ever had a history of back pain
what is your job
do you live alone
are you married
do you have kids
does you family have any diseases
does your family have any history of obesity or anything else like that
tell me more about the back pain 5 years ago
okay give you give me a general timeline of the backpain
how has the back pain ebbed and flowed since the onset
at what point since the injury has the pain been the worst
can you sit down
can you stand up
are you on any other medications
how often do you urinate
do you feel pain when you urinate
okay, have you noticed any improvements since you started taking prostate medication
do you drink
do you smoke
do you use drugs
what is your sex life like
do you have any stds
do you have any other pain throughout your body
have you ever been admitted to the hospital
have you ever had surgery
does you family have any preexisting illnesses
are your parents alive
are your parents dead
tell me a little bit more about about your family history
are your parents healthy
are you close with your family
are you close with your parents
what is your personal life like
what do you do in your free time
that's too bad!
what do you do
does this injury have an effect on your life
is there anything else you'd like to talk about today
do you have a healthy lifestyle
do you exersice
do you run
do you lift weights
do you eat healthy
hello there!
what is your name and date of birth
tell me about what's going on
besides your back pain what else has been bothering you
describe your backpain
tell me a little bit about your backpain
tell me more about your back pain
how long ago did this happen
what makes the pain worse
what makes the pain better
are you taking any other medications
what dosage of ibuprofen
what dosage of aspirin
do you drink
do you smoke
do you use drugs
do you have a healthy lifestyle
do you use any otcs
do you use any over the counter stuff
do you use any supplements
do you take anything for urination
do you take medication for your prostate
when did you start feeling symptoms about your urination
when and where did the pain start
can you describe the pain
can you rate your pain from 1-10
does the pain radiate
do you have any allergies
what is your job
what are you most worried about
what would you like to get done today
what is your goal
what is your goal for coming to see me today
are you married
do you have kids
do you have friends
do you live alone
do you have any preexisting diseases
does your family have a history of back pain
does your family have any preeixsting conditions
can you describe the pain
where in the back
can you point to i
can you point to where the pain is
what do you do for fun
what is your personal life like
are you sexually active
what is your family history
does your family have a history of obesity
do you run
do you lift weights
what makes the pain hurt the most
what are you most worried about when it comes to this back pain
i'm so sorry to hear that. what is your foal for today
hi mr. wilkins - my name is colleen, i'm a medical student. how are you today
hi mr wilkins- my name is colleen, i'm a medical student. i'm working with you r doctor today to help take care of you.
of course. i'll be asking you a few questions about your general health history today, but first tell me, what would you like to talk about today
okay, great. what brings you to the doctor today
i'm sorry to hear that- it sounds like the pain has really been affecting you. tell me more about the back pain.
okay. how long ago did you move the couch
sure. when did the pain start
okay. how severe is the pain
it sounds like it's taking a real toll on you.
what does the pain feel like
okay. does it radiate anywhere else in your body
okay. does it hurt all the time, or just sometimes
i understand. have you noticed anything that makes it better
i see. how often do you take the ibuprofen
i see. is there anything that you've noticed that makes the pain worse
of course. are there any other symptoms that you've noticed with the back pain
i see. how is that affecting you
i'm sorry to hear that. have you ever had back pain before
i see. have you seen any other physicians for your current back pain
okay. we will definitely get to the bottom of this problem, but first i'd like to ask you some other health questions. is that okay
okay. have you had any surgeries in the past
have you had any hospitalizations in the past
no problem. have you had any injuries
do you have any chronic illnesses or other current medical problems
great. do you take any medications
do you take any vitamins or herbal supplements
no problem. do you have any allergies
great. are your immunizations up to date
great. now i'm going to ask you some questions about your home life. who lives with you at home
i see. do you feel safe at home
what do you do for a living
great. how is work going
right. what do you do for fun
i see. now i'm going to ask you a few more personal questions. do you smoke
do you drink alcohol
do you take illegal or recreational drugs
do you take prescription drugs not prescribed for you
okay. are you in a relationship
i understand. are you sexually active
how many sexual partners have you had in your lifetime
i see. were your partners men, women, or both
i see. have you ever had a sexually transmitted infection
okay. now i'm going to ask you about your family history. are your grandparents still with us
i see. do you know if any of your grandparents had medical problems
i see. do you know the cause of death for any of your grandparents
i see. how are your parents' health
great. do you have any siblings
do you have any children
great. is there anything else you'd like to add to your general health history
absolutely. do you have any other questions for me
thank you, mr. wilkins! it was great to meet you. take care.
hi mr. wilkins, i am a medical student working on your health care team today. its nice to meet you.
alright, i am here to see if there is anything we can do to help you. i am going to start by learning a little bit about what brings you in today and then i will ask a few questions i in order to get you know you better, .
okay can you tell me about why you are here today
okay is there anything else that is bothering you today
okay we will get to that in a few minutes, first i would like to know more about your back pain.
okay< when did your back pain first begin
is this the first time this happened
has it been constant pain or on and off
what were you doing when you first noticed the pain
how bad would you say the pain is on a scale of 1 to 10
is there anything over the past couple of days that has made your back pain worse
is there anything you have been doing to mkae your pain better
how much ibuprofen have you been taking
where on your back is the pain located
have you noticed any other changes to the area where your pain is occuring
have you noticed and redness or itching at that site
okay, so you are experiencing some lower back pain after lifting heavy items with one of your friends. you have been taking ibuprofen but it doesnt seem to help that much.
alright, i will let your physician know about this so we can try to help you with your pain. now i will ask you a few questions in order to get to know you better.
do you have any diagnosed medical conditions
have you suffered from any serious injuries or accidents
have you ever had surgery
have you ever been hospitalized
are you currently on any medications
are you currently taking any supplements
do you regularly visit the doctor
would you say you are in good health
do you get to exercise
do you have a balanced diet
are you up to date on your immunizations
are your grandparents still living
at what age did your grandparents pass away
do you know how your grandparents passed away
are your parents still living
are your parents still alive
is your mother alive
is you mom alive
do your parents have any medical conditions
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
how is your home life
who do you live with
are you currently in school
are you working
are you happy at work
do you have any hobbies
what do you do in your spare time
okay, i am about to ask you some questions that may seem personal but i want you to know that everything we discuss is confidential unless you are a danger to yourself or others. i hope that you can be as honest with me as possibl.
do you drink alcohol
do you use any recreational drugs
do you smoke cigarettes
do you feel safe
do you feel safe at work
how often do you take your supplements
how often do you take it
what dose of saw ametto do you take
are you sexually active
when you sexually active, what gender are your partners
are your sexual partners men, women, or both
have you ever had an sti
you have frequent urination
is there anything else that is bothering you today
what else is bothering you today
when do you have to urinate more frequently
have long have you been having to urinate more frequently
have you noticed any discharge from your penis
has there been any burning when you urinate
has there been any itching when you urinate
do you experience itching when you urinate
have you noticed a change in the color of your urine
have you noticed a change in the smell of your urine
okay mr. wilkins, that you for talking with me. i am going to share your information with your doctor to see if we can sort out your back pain and problems with urination. i hope you enjoy the rest of your day.
hello mr. wilkins, my name is danielle tyson. i am a medical student working on yuor health care team today.
nice to meet you as well. i will be asking you a few questions to better understand what brings you in today, and then i'll get your information to the doctor to see if we can help you out.
okay is there anything else you would like to talk about today
okay can you tell me about your back pain
when did it start
has it been constant or or and off
what were you doing when you first noticed this pain
how would you describe the intensity of the pain
on a scale of 1 to 10 how bad is the pain
is there anything that makes your back pain worse
is there anything that makes your back feel better
how often do you take ibuprofen
is there any redness near the site of the pain
is there any itching at the site of the pain
have you noticed any changes to the area that hirts
when did you notice your frequent urination
is there pain when you urinate
is there a change int he color of your urine
have you noticed any discharge from your penis
ok, i am now going to ask you a few questions to get to know you better.
have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions
have you ever been severely ill
have you ever had any serious accidents
have you ever been hospitalized
have you ever had any surgeries
how often do you visit the doctors
are you currently taking any medications
are you currently taking any supplements
why do you take your supplement
do you have any allergies
are your grandparents still living
how did your grandparents die
are your parents still alive
is your mom still alive
are your parents healthy
do you have any siblings
do you have any children
are there any genetic conditions that run in your family
how is your life at home
who do you live with
are you currently working
what is your job
do you own your own business
are you in school
wha t do you do for fun
what do you do for fun
do you have any hobbies
do you exercise
do you have a balanaced diet
what foods do you eat
that sounds nice.
okay i will now ask you some more personal questions but your answers are confidential.
do you drink alcohol
do you use recreational drugs
do yuo take any medications not prescribed to you
do you smoke cigarettes
are you currently sexually active
when you are sexually active do you have female or male partners
have you ever had an sti
how are you sleeping
do you feel safe
okay, thank you for talking to me today. i will share your information with your doctors so we can try to address your pain and concerns with urination.
enjoy the rest of your day.
thank you
what would you like to discuss today
is there anything else that is bothering you
tell me about yuor bsck pain
how long has your back been hurting
has this ever happened to you before
is it a constant pain
how would you describe the intensity of the pain
how would you describe the pain on a scale of 1 to 10
is there anything that makes your back worse
is there anything that makes it better
how much ibuprofen have you been taking
what were you doing when you first noticed the pain
have you noticed any other symptoms at the site
how often do you have to urinate
is the urine a strange color
is there any burning or itching when you urinate
have you noticed any discharge from your penis
have you been diagnosed with any medical conditions
have you ever been seriously ill
have yu ever been hospitalized
have you ever had any surgeries
are you on any medications
are you taking any supplements
how often are you taking your supplement
why do you take a supplement
what dose of supplement
do you have any allergies
do you have any reactions
do you have any allergic reactions
how often do you visit the doctor
do you maintain a balanced diet
do you exercise
do you take any drugs that arent prescribed to you
do you use any recreational drugs
are you sexually active
have you ever had an sti
do you use protection
are your partners men, women, or both
how old are you
are your partners menwomen or both
are your partners men, women, or both
how is your sleep
do you feel safe
is there anything else you would like tot talk aboutt hat we havent covered today
okay, thank you for speaking with me
goodbye
hello. can you please state your name and date of birth
thank you. it says here you are here for back pain. is there anything else
ok. when did you notice you had to urinate more often
tell me about your back pain
when did you first notice it
what were you doing when it started
is the nature of t the pain still sharp
what makes the pain worse
has anything made the pain better
what dose of ibuprofen are you taking
does the pain radiate anywhere else
how would you rate the pain
have you applied heat or ice to the injury
does the pain prevent you from working
where do you work
do you walk to work
has the pain stopped you from working
do you use any drugs or alcohol
do you live with anyone
are you married
are you sexually active
do you smoke
are your parents alive
how are your parents doing
do you have any kids
what about your grandparents
are your grandparents alive
how did they die
are there any genetic illnesses you are aware of
have you had any surgeries
have you had any previous instances of back pain
what activities do you enjoy doing
what do you do
do you have any siblings
what medications are you currently taking
who prescribed it
do you have any allergies
are you taking any supplements or vitamins
what dose are you taking
have you been hospitalized at all
thank you
i am nik sarac, and i am a medical student taking your history today
you too.  we will have about 20 minutes today, are you ready
after i am finished, you will be able to speak with the doctor, i am just the medical student
what is it you want to talk about today
i'm sorry to hear that.  we wiil talk about your back pain.  is there anythign else
which is your primary concern
ok.  we will talk about your back pain, and if we have time, also your urination probelm
hang in there, we will do our best to get that back taken care of
tell me more about your back pain
is there anything else you want to add to that
ok.  can you tell me more about this back pain
ok.  so you have been having back pain for a few days since you lifted a couch, correct
thank you.  my questions are going to change now to be more specific so we can help get to the bottom of this
can you tell me the exact location of the pain
thank you.  is it deep or superficial
is there any radiating pain
how would you rate the pain 1-10
is the pain constant, or does it come and go
does the pain impair you in your life
how does the pain affect you on a daily basis
you havent been able to work because your back hurts too much
has the pain gotten any better or worse
when does the pain occur
under what setting
does anything make the pain better
does anything make the pain worse
thank you, im now going to ask you some questions about your medical history
how would you describe your health
do you have any diseases or illnesses, past or present
have you had any injuries or accidents
any psychological problems
have you had any hospitilizations or sugeries
are you up to date on immunizations
any medications
any vitamins
any allergies
do you feel safe in your daily life
can you tell me about your immediate family
what about grandparents
do you have grandparents
do you know ages or causes of death of your grandparents
how old are your parents
can you tell me about your living arrangments
where do you live, and with whom
do you live with anyone
what do you do for work
do you enjoy your work
what is your diet like
do you exercise
do you use any tobacco products
do you drink
have you used marijuana, recreational drugs, or prescription drugs
are you sexually active
can you tell me about your sexuality? are you attracted to men or women
are you attracted to men or women
are you in a romantic relationship
have you ever been abused in any way
are you a spiritual person
is there anything else you want to add
do you have any questions or concerns
thank you.  i will speak to the physician about your back pain, and he will deivide the coarse of action
thank yo
good afternoon mr. wilkins.
what brings you in here today
i'm sorry to hear that.
is there anything else bothering you
tell me more about your back pain.
can you describe your pain
does the pain go anywhere
can you rate the pain on a scale of 1-10
is there anything else that makes it better
is there anything that makes it worse
what makes it worse
sorry to hear that.
how has it been affecting your life
where do you work
how long ago did the pain start
has the pain gotten any worse
is there pain anywhere else
do you have any allergies
do you feel sick when you eat certain foods
are you up to date on your immunizations
do you take any medicines
do you take any vitamins
do you take any herbal supplements
do you have any disease now
have you been sick in the past
have you had any surgeries
have you been hospitalized in the past
have you had any serious injuries int he past
how is your grandparents health
how is your parents health
do you have any brothers or sisters
do you have any kids
how is your hojme
how is your home
do you live with anyone at home
do you feel safe at home
where do you work
do you go to school
what do you do for fun
why do you say that
what do you do in your free time
do you use tobacco
do you drink alcohol
do you use any illegal drugs
do you take any prescriptions that aren't yours
are you in a relationship
are you sexually active
when was the last time you had sex
how many partners have you had
do you have sex with men, women, or both
do you use protection
is there any reason you don't use protection
do you use condoms
have you had any sexually transmitted diseases
do you have any questiosn for me
